AGAINST	In Valencia there is hunger but it does not seem to be a priority of Ribò that if he could close the Food Bank and leave all these people at the stand. Society is organized to supply those politicians who serve no purpose.??
AGAINST	Thus was the draft Catalan Constitution: non-independenceist parties, banned
AGAINST	We need a courageous government that defends the Spanish.
FAVOR	"Fuck those who don't sell themselves like Pujol did." I'm going to tell myself what the degree of fulfillment of the economic promises to the Catalans in general and the PGE in particular is. Why don't you ask me to host you and then promise you 4 of your bitches?
AGAINST	Antoni Puigverd complains that Millo does not facilitate building a truth that includes the independence perspective (can a truth be built?). Now, however, it does look like the...
FAVOR	The independenceists or the real unionists I think are pursuing very similar issues. Just listen to what they say from Cadiz and you'll see what I mean.
FAVOR	RT naxoxan: I don't know the col.legi, but it's the same almost sure, for the facades and the wall.
NONE	You would like only Cuba to intervene, as it has been doing for 20 years. The deception is over. Give the government to President Jguaido.
NONE	RT jaimeberenguer: Thank youInés for leaving us in Catalonia despite the fact that we voted you to be President and made you win the elections.
AGAINST	What the current government is doing in contubernium with separatists reaches the level of a Genocide. My country's soul dies and I am its witness! It is up to us to vote for change! Long live this beautiful country called EspanaViva SigemeyTeSigoVOX
AGAINST	NoEnsEnfrontin Unitat i solidaritat. we all have common needs and interests. Right NO, neither Cat nor Esp NoVolemMours HappySunday
FAVOR	The same law is read differently in tyranny or democracy. Tyranny punishes to eliminate enemies. Democracy represses by protecting values. In a democracy it is not possible to conceive laws or application of laws against democracy 1Oct exiles prisonerspolitics
FAVOR	In Madrid, there is no front with anyone. It is not enough. 28A Sánchez: Catalunya has joined Rajoy and me, and should do so with the constitutionalist parties.
NONE	Gusten Torra and Puigdemont more or less, it is quite crazy that a conference of the independenceists is not allowed by "security issues" (which is more sad excuse, too) and that shortly after they give permission to do it to an anti-Europeanist and exclusive formation like Vox.
FAVOR	On top of waterloo will be promoted to look in Madrid for a chair of those that his boss likes. because lately to make the payas on the coast of Catalonia you see that gives votes
FAVOR	They tell you that you don't have to vote for those who will never accept a referendum because if they win they will pardon those who haven't yet been convicted and have been kidnapped for letting people vote. If the weird thing is that you don't want to get everyone off this shit.
NONE	lsanzo Demies36 I have your article Luis, sure I learn and take notes.
FAVOR	Feminism & Republic Now you go and tell me that we are in a full democracy We assist live to the form of election of the head of state in Spain.
AGAINST	RT JuanGosset: Independence is the art of cheating using the expression at the point of.
NONE	This makes him necessarily see the human being as a source of food. And he doesn't want to get away / leave away from our figure. The other in birds may be to cut the flight. Or the most beasts to break them wings?
AGAINST	0_Xiribec_0 Your followers must be very short you have to teach them to follow a thread doesn't say much about them or you. By the way I don't face anyone and less about a stupidity like the ghost Republic and its independence.
AGAINST	We must not allow the state of one pay to prisoners; they are in prisons that look like hotels with full board with a quality of life and comforts that many decent people having worked their whole lives are not enjoying. What will be the next?
NONE	The 'president' accuses the leader of Ciutadans of looking for a fight and the orange leader, of representing the CDRs.
FAVOR	Spectacular the statement of chimforn that is leaving in evidence the lies of the prosecutor_es Question: "Have you ever been stopped by your ideas?" Answer: "Yes, in 1986 when trying to enter a Catalan flag in the Olympic Stadium" Zasca
AGAINST	The Silent Cat You now understand the Catalans SPAIN when we say that we feel alone against the unspeakable dictatorship????
FAVOR	Is it clear that in Citizens there is no intelligent life, or do you have to wait for Arrimadas to go to Waterloo to make the ridiculous one more time? LaTontaDelBote
NONE	huntmariposastv _MaiteGH16_ sofiasuescun that heavy you are maite continues and continues to harm his daughter sofiasuescun seriously that he withdraws and returns to pamplona from sinking into the misery at this step you yourself start thinking about you.
NONE	It is Rodrigo Maia who touches on the key point of this sudden frying of Minister Bebianno... the president signals to all politicians that he will not hesitate to torpedo qq.
AGAINST	Colau perseveres with his phobia to the Crown.This time removing the name of Prince of Asturias from the street of Barcelona. The decision is added to his independent theses for those who the flag of Spain, our country, bilingualism, or the Royal House itself, are anomalies to extinguish!
AGAINST	It was not Rajoy, it was a Catalan judge who had ordered Mossos to close the schools and prevent the illegal referendum. And the Civil Guard and police to act if not the Mossos in place.
FAVOR	VoteNO The PSOE has done nothing to approve the budgets, isn't there MAS? Today PSOE votes with the PP not to continue with the investigation of the irregular financing of the party. There they are, very together as always, and there is no more If you don't see it is that you are very blind?
FAVOR	InesFilled Ines, here you are wrong. We need you in Catalonia. If in Catalonia has won the Citizens elections it is for you. You cannot give the majority to the independenceists please.
AGAINST	Thought The only way to win nationalism is in political discourse, highlighting what in most democratic countries consider to be: old, insolidary and often reactionary, by Victor Andres Maldonado
NONE	RT CaraotaDigital: Guaidó in Cúcuta: "We are here because the Armed Forces also participated" _'
AGAINST	Mark Serra tells us that Junqueras and ERC make a profit from their situation, not like Puigdemont and JxCat, who have never done such a thing. These convergents disguised as Republicanism make me laugh a lot.
FAVOR	Willynotes23 AnuskaPolsky Memories to Puigdemont! You can always share apartment!
NONE	About Today Diego Alves: pregnant my sister L.Duarte and R.Caio: Best Zaga B.Henrique: I'm sorry when I said that your hiring wasn't necessary Everton Ribeiro: you can't be a bank Diego: you did nothing Gabigol: 9 decisive Aaron: You're going to take Abel's ass: you're going along with Aaron
NONE	We thank the Estonian Government for its efforts to ensure that Venezuelans decide our future in freedom, justice and democracy.
FAVOR	The government offered Puigdemont to simulate a referendum at 72 o'clock in the 1-O, with missing ballot boxes and no enough anti-disturbation via the daily newspaper.
AGAINST	RT okdiario: The CoR appeals to the Constitution that they reject to stir up the strike promoted by Puigdemont
NONE	mariaverdugo17 los_delacantera Hello mariaverdugo17, from La Vanguardia we would like to use this video. Of course, we would add the source to the end. Do you think it would be possible? Thank you!
NONE	Chicobarney Kkkkkkkkkkk. Madness has reached extreme levels. Friend, inform yourself better not to be ashamed. Senator David Alcoumbre in the presidency was the product of the joint of the Minister of the Civil House of Bolsonaro. Jairbolsonaro won again. He cries more than he looks beautiful.
AGAINST	Is silence complicity? Is the EU not capable? The proximity of the trial puts nerves to the inadequacies and leads them to assert fools like these. And they play the either you're with me or you're against me It's going to be that the EU is facsimile.?
FAVOR	RT ElHuffPost: Married, to Junqueras: Love of Spain is incompatible with ending its democracy
NONE	Guaidó arrives at Maiquetía Airport and passes the controls without being stopped
AGAINST	I don't want PaloAltoBcn to leave Barcelona and I will do everything I can to stay here as a centre of creativity innovation and wealth and employment generation. Colau's mediocrity cannot defeat the creativity BouBCN2019
AGAINST	Follow meYTeSigoVOX??????The Most Useful Vote, for a Party and a Useful Agents????????. IVotoVox General Elections28A SpainLive
FAVOR	RT carcaragons: Good-byePedro and with you the option of pardoning the thugs you had prepared.
NONE	Prisoners receive summons for trial on 12 February
FAVOR	INAUDITO. * The PSOE spokesman at the Congress and Minister of Education and Training, Isabel Celaá, criticizes Inés Arrimadas because he says that going to Waterloo to tell Puigdemón that it is no one and that there is no Republic is to provoke. * Do what your government should be doing.
AGAINST	juanje_sm yosoynaranjito_ gonzalezpaz Education should be free of political, religious symbols and indoctrinations; but who is a teacher to decide what they can be?
AGAINST	RT MisterLovering: the newspaper It is not a question of the workers of the Gene being indepes. It is a question of if you are not indepe, you cannot be a worker...
NONE	RT HISTORY_SP: TROPA GURIPA 4x02 RECREATION OF ENGLISH-CANADIAN Soldiers via YouTube
AGAINST	That Esquerra_ERC and PDECATsstg JuntsXCat defame the Spanish democracy saying that there is no separation of powers and that there is an ideological persecution, when yesterday, these two separatist parties, with their free votes, fell the current government of Spain, is out of control.
FAVOR	ThisIsTheRealSpain You never interrupt your enemy when he's making a mistake (Napoléon Bonaparte) One after another...???
NONE	2 months with the girl has already told me to make a kkk alliance that excited? - 2 months she has proved to me what no one has ever proved to me in years. May this emotion of mine be eternal, pq I am happy!
AGAINST	RT iBarbarellah: As you know the strike was going to be a failure, because they force it. This is the democracy of the Republic.
FAVOR	It will be in front of the masses in the Plaza de Colón??. Don't miss it, who may marry him....to call clear elections. RapporteurARV SanchezDimission
NONE	abelnaor FCBbasket Thanks Abel! We hope that these problems can be solved soon.
FAVOR	Puigdemont offered €500,000 to two computers for a voting system
FAVOR	La_Directa portet_bruguera xevicamps National Police singing the A for them and the French version of the Spanish anthem. CatalanReferendum
AGAINST	? Thought In the face of this thesis, perhaps the three parties that define themselves as constitutionalists -- PSOE, Cs and PP -- should take a step forward, show a pinch of generosity and negotiate among themselves.
FAVOR	DocHollyday3 So the way they speak CitizensCs or PPopular that we discriminate against the Catalan Unionists and that is a lifeless for them, if you believe them, does it seem that we do this to them??
AGAINST	MonikaDiethelm rogertorrent quimforn ancSchweiz Yes, it has to do with the organization of the cantons, doesn't it? Not with creating a republic of the Jura, I think... and at some point the law and the constitution were skipped and proclaimed independence in the Jura?
NONE	Brazil is the only place where the population has no money to pay for private services and defends the end of public services. Fathers in whom the poor think they are middle class The middle class thinks they are rich And rich thinks they are American??????
FAVOR	VickyLitkens I, the daughter of Andalusian emigrants and former PSOE voter, will go to day, for the freedom of political prisoners and exiles and for the repression in Catalonia that is a friendly, educated and peaceful people. Freedom!!!.
FAVOR	Millo: The 20-S, the CDRs encouraged people to demonstrate in front of the Economics Council. Pina: How could it be the CDRs, if that day did not yet exist? JudiciTV3CatRàdio
FAVOR	10/09/18 sanchezcastejon meritxell_batt from themoncloa justiciagob Judicial PowerWe are still waiting for the release of the 9 hostages that the State has kidnapped in Lledoners, Puig de les Basses and Mas d'Enric. FreeTothom UsVolemACasa LlibertatPressPolitics
AGAINST	I was blocked by another account a week x a complaint from an independentist. But you like what I say, don't follow me. But let people express themselves freely. That you are fascists
AGAINST	Secretary of State Mr Nieto answering the questions of Mr Forn's lawyer, showing that Spanish professional officials far above politicians who always wash their hands because their pension is always insured
FAVOR	The Fascists of VÂX ask for the names of those who fight gender violence, and it is that perhaps asking for the names of the abusers would be to shoot themselves in the foot.
AGAINST	I just made a small contribution to SpainVova de vox_es It's not much, but I hope it can help in the electoral campaign.
FAVOR	Millo's statement is the most embarrassing farce I've ever seen, now I understand that I don't want to see his face when he throws up so much shit.
AGAINST	Irene Lozano is the new demon of separatism. His last sin, compares the butifarrendum with a rape. Voting is not forbidden. If you do it without permission is like a violation. In a democracy the law is to be enforced. Certainly, the??s are experts in violating the law.
NONE	The cover of February 23, 2019: Tops last the jump to the congress with Rivera
NONE	Finally, Juan Antonio Puigserver, head of the Interior with 155, will be the first to declare this afternoon. In this way, the colonel of the Guardia Civil Diego Pérez de los Cobos will do so later.
NONE	Danish documentary artist Elvira Lind recounts the difficult decision this dancer and choreographer had to make to achieve her dream
AGAINST	Here a thug saying he loves Spain?? and his people, his culture, and everything in perfect castellano junkeras, which makes you drop the soap pill? in the shower? intentionally... Then you say that the prison does not reinsert...
FAVOR	LaPatriaSonPeople To those who are filled with patriotism, to those who only know how to put shit, to those who think they are savers of culture, to those I say: that here we all fit or neither can God.
NONE	Ribasmec criticizes more little boys...
FAVOR	PSOE, PP and Citizens ask to veto the planned conference of Puigdemont and Torra in the European Parliament via daily_16
AGAINST	When you think you can't make any more ridiculous, Carmen Calvo arrives and breaks molds, 2019 electionsvotorights YoNoVoy8M NoSpeaksInMy Name spankthisang 8MNoMeRepresents
FAVOR	Berlin will hold a referendum to expropriate the homes of the big forks and turn them into social rent as a response to the rising prices. They expect to get 200,000 homes expropriating large economic groups.
AGAINST	RT abc_es: The best kept secret of the Spanish coup: who was the "great traitor" of 23-F?
NONE	Earrings from Alex Txikon's drone flight
FAVOR	With less than 5% of the world's population, the United States has about 20% of the world's prisoners. It is, by far, the country that most prisoners have in relation to its population. A new infographic of abelgillobo in the World Order.
AGAINST	vitoria_leiva AjdinPenava Two readings: 1/ there is no more rush with Matt (following windows October??) 2/You save that square and if you are interested in discarding October NBA you can bring it.
AGAINST	The Podemos said that they were coming to put an end to the caste and the privileges and mammoths of politicians. Now they support a president who gives jobs to black people who write memoirs and who go on vacation to palaces at the expense of the state.
FAVOR	JonInarritu What's the name of Nieto?? If your mother were there, what would you call Nieto??The National Police didn't charge anyone on October 1st, it was just doing exercise.? Escola Verd - Girona Font. Berlustinho
AGAINST	BeatrizTalegon junkies That you are not the navel of the world, that you are not so important, that everyone knows it is a trial against politicians who passed the laws through the most holy cohones.
AGAINST	StopSanchez10F Sanchezcastejon intends to give a piece of Spain?? and question the monarchy, so as to continue in the Moncloa. The most serious Attack on Democracy since 23F
FAVOR	They've had k withdraw, the botoxics say k Spain had k planted Europe for not extraditing Puigdemont, if Spain leaves Europe, we'll go hungry, England is wrong and you'll see, the problem is k the people of the whole world are taking refuge in nationalism
FAVOR	Those of the PP and those of the Cs said they didn't like the loser pacts and the Frankenstein governments. So they already like them!? They pacted in Andalusia and with such a rule, they would deal with the same demon.
FAVOR	The Civil Guard enters the Parliament of Catalonia, to look for malfeasance data They are nervous, have no evidence of anything, to condemn No one in Farsa Judgment. Perhaps they and all those who participate in the Pantomima.
FAVOR	And of those repressive dusts this mud of social fascism that we have not yet proven to be able to fight from the left. Marx knows that I am in the ideological antipodes of Jordi Turol, for example, but it is up to defend the reprisals, whether politicalxes, activists or musicxes.
AGAINST	RT laci_beles: This tweet has been retweeted 1,500 people. See how many you are missing to follow. Follow meYTeSigoVOX
NONE	The Bebianno crisis is over, in 48 hours no one will speak of the subject. What will be the next excuse for the extreme-impregnat to attack Bolsonaro mercilessly?
AGAINST	STOPSnchez10F More than Stop to Sanchez It is the struggle for my rights, to be able to fulfill my obligations
FAVOR	I remind you that you belong to a government (with Carmena, the friend of Guaidó the coup player) that has given the keys of the city of Madrid to the ambassador of Israel.
FAVOR	I am going to run the dictionary of the JudiciFarsa - Human Walls - Devastated (7 cars) Human WallsDevastated
AGAINST	In Andalusia they just broke the promises they made 3 months ago but have the nerve to lie to us again. As if not to vote for VOX. SpainViva YovotoVox ElectionsGeneral
NONE	RT AllanSa37058956: how can you betray, and then look into the person's eye and speak that you love???? has to be very characterless to iss...
NONE	The leader of the PP warns that the danger of Catalan independence moves to Baleares, Valencia and Aragó
NONE	RT Lucasrobert001: Follows us with faith, who beats heads and weak
NONE	Trump's Aggressive Politics Has Not Disincentived Emigrant Families
FAVOR	Very good reflection. This is what happens today in Spain. The lie dressed in truth, and the truth that is naked because it has nothing to hide. Those who dress as constitutionalists when what they are is something very different.
NONE	RT Flamengo: The fans bring their tributes to Ours10 FLaxFLU
FAVOR	I hope that the mayors who embezzle public money for their political ends will be so blamed.
FAVOR	Well, last year Arrimadas said that they didn't add up because it was an anti-capitalist hand, when they saw the scope rectified; in the background, the 3 are equal. Whatever is right, to the right the cause allergy, they prefer submissive slaves and to the other side, blacks.
NONE	Subrogated gestation responds to a demand: that children be like us, with the same skin color by JnnDiaz
NONE	Espejo-Saavedra goes to Madrid with Arrimadas and Carrizosa continues in Parliament
NONE	The Catalans have abandoned us: Albert_Rivera marianorajoy sanchezcastejon And so I hear, also InesArrimadas I'm sorry, but we give a shit to politicians!!! Having said this, how do you live in Spain??
FAVOR	That Fairy or what eight rooms? Don't pay attention. It's a trap to lose. Remember that today plays the Mandril against the Ajax... Today everyone with the Ajax does not with the Fairy Muscleluman Naxoxan.
FAVOR	FF for all women in RRSS that we fight X the HRDs of all, supporting daily threats and insults. NoPasararan SoniaVivasRive3 Encabe5 nurygglez amelia_tiganus Elsotis _Peich perrafemininja vmm7773 miripunk1 annaprats Relatofeminista y MUCH MORE
AGAINST	Pedro Sánchez's first decision as president was not to fight the coup or lower taxes: it was to change the mattress of his bed in Moncloa.Then he would plug his wife and improve the catering of the Falcon. The 28-A Spaniards will send him to sleep in Pozuelo
AGAINST	RT RousseauCS: yosoynaranjito_ Romeva, from my point of view you are a cocoon with a mandate.
AGAINST	EugeniodOrs_ Lumar02 Eugenio, you don't want that on top of thumpers, liars, borregos and violent people who know how to add... mother mia...so you ask a lot from this offspring of people!!
AGAINST	But today the PPC_Girona gives the budgets to Maderas and his CDRs in Girona. Let it come then chattered_ giving lessons of constitutionalism, that from within theirs give court to separatists for years.
FAVOR	RT monicasalvador0: gallifantes With this serenity that it has, it is the Malay drop. What level of politicians there was, they already knew who they have...
NONE	RT rr1saopaulin: I am increasingly convinced that I have supported the right person to run our country!!!! BolsonaroTMJ
NONE	georgebest_ In the past, I dare say that in the end the main problem is that what happens on the field is tremendously meh. Lately the Barça-Madrid are of a chungo level like those of the 90s... and above without any tension?
AGAINST	JFreixer freeredndwild layla_p_ Here is the freelancer who comes to explain to me what I should think, what I should feel, what I shouldn't think and what I shouldn't feel... that's right, they're tough people.
FAVOR	Is it time for the Undefined Country Parade or do we wait a little longer to see if we are exterminated?
AGAINST	Jomateixapunt ladamadeleste of course not..ni erc neither can, neither PSOE nor Vox but today only want to talk about vox that immediately pulls the accuser out of their ranks..
AGAINST	Well, you asked me not to be Spanish for historical reasons and I gave it to you. - But I wanted to say Catalonia alone, you fucking genius, you speak Spanish, you look like one of the short things you are- answered the indepe. I was losing my patience.
AGAINST	If you like to talk so much about the non-inadequate Catalans that they represent, that you have the courage and gallardy to prove it, and take the initiative to defend us as it is right. Empty speeches serve no purpose. The words are carried away by the wind. LaSilenciosaCat
FAVOR	Budgets PSOE 155?
FAVOR	If you are Spanish, remember to hang the Spanish flag on your balcony. If you are independentist, remember the next time you declare independence, take off the Spanish flag of generalitat.
NONE	RT Napoleonbravo: 100 photos of the Venezuela Aid Live concert on the border
AGAINST	linformatiu_tve journalistes_cat I see the reactions of the disgusting separatist totalitarians all I would like is for them to touch the crest to those of TV3 every time they set foot out of Catalonia.
NONE	RT sheet: Bebianno is fired, and the case of the oranges of the PSL leads to the first fall of government minister Bolsonaro
FAVOR	ElPaco17170917 Argumentsepara Blamitter JordiMasFont JesusFont2 TabarniaSur David_n_Goliat Oletros hlcannibal Morafanova vivi190473 33Joanot mosnunéz RAGAFO1 nuriapatona Sam46a VictorTabarnia NarSpainTietra DonTenori14 CDRTabarnia FerranAntequera Xipress vlc_JI fhaherrera lovenjaire Ibermensch tadeajones88 AlfonsoIXLeon michiadrover FuzzyLogicf RafaColono jaralezo JoseCVazquezP Jrgen27307674 jsoriano6 Jafp1966 antestar Wertyalord1 Julii1985 HugoKutzfek Darelguapo XavierVilaTuselForcelyHonorrrrrr TrolezSuper vitoriah991 perishedo with his civil society's legacy and his own history...
AGAINST	Elsa_artadi That's right... when 155 didn't give up office or money. Tips I sell that I don't have. Dignity of being home.
FAVOR	EnDirect: The turn of former advisor Raül Romeva, who has chosen to answer only the questions of his lawyer TrialProces
AGAINST	Beware Paul with the professional blackmailers. Your predecessor fell into the trap and so it was. Married now opens to deal with the PNV to differentiate nationalism from independence via elcorreo_com
AGAINST	RT concesensayo: Message from a Catalan to the rest of the Spaniards: don't leave us alone. SanchezDimission
AGAINST	RatioVero Ositotraveller Morafanova papitugrill Manchimusu micosapiens scofet_jaume Dan__Vader cositasmartinez Jren27307674 77populacho CebaCega1 ElPaco17170917 prosikito_banda Xerxiodpo martinelliue80 Christi36833350 Aurantiacum lgoritme silvia_yucca Avelimelis Carmatpor massaborrega Juanma_Saez catmyrfree XYEirod Sargantania1 seingantistenes DonTenori14 56Lucas5 Ororo_Pride FreeyellowMarta peio_Basque santsfree Donpinpon2011 RafaelSolsOrtiz GloriaFontLogez inma_ben tadeajones88 DavMatMe Cebacega4 homo_politik hedonitt01 Mr_morq isabeldaneira crmontoro PulpoErrrant ArmandoBarullo6 LuisLasala1Masalysalya1Me Cebexpressa andexpressanexpressanexpressanexpressanexpressa.
AGAINST	Andalucians and other Spaniards, do not listen to this supremacist.. In Catalonia you will always be welcome! Catalonia is not one of the inadequacies and we will prove it!!!!
FAVOR	Politicians were no longer so calm behind their criminal misdeeds and fucking fundamental rights and freedoms, anger began to generalize. Year 2019, being much worse and rarely there is a crash. They always pull from the left of the regime to calm the streets.
FAVOR	okdiario And that you who were expelled from that team don't remember!!! I guess you do it in case your football merits don't come to be enough to make up for it with your unspeakable fervor, don't you? Well you'll see that it will be good for you!!!
FAVOR	RT jordiPugnero: Mr King of the a for them, to appeal to the law without respecting democracy has a name: dictatorship.
FAVOR	This gentuza of the far right, wants a civil war on the streets, you have to make a health cord already, against fascism... all against one against this herd of corrupt, mafia and fascists
AGAINST	Rivera calls for a demonstration against Sánchez and his pants down before the Independenceists and Tachán! Invites VOX to join. CitizensCs is not the party that votes in Barcelona with ERC to create a health cord against vox_es?
FAVOR	But reporters BEING two more cars of the GC, there are now 4, with two photos but you will already have 8, one more than the Prosecutor Forn Accused ThisIsTheRealSpain FakeTrial GlobalSpain Devastados
FAVOR	It's brutal. How desperate is Prosecutor Zaragoza, what a piece of paper. What a shame that Jordi Sanchez takes 400 days in prison for 4 stickers in a car.
AGAINST	LorenRiderJ AndresQuerol RosaWithout teresacsserrano MigBull miqueltarresv donna57 jcachinerot mpulidogu This happens to you for pauffantes, stop licking your ass to the homeless and dedicated to defending the workers, that most are not indepes.
AGAINST	Acr2808 dCIDEpartito nitritosodio You can see it in 24h_tve and up to satiety on the main televisions of all the chains, but you continue with your independent mantra of cheap victimism. FakeNews
AGAINST	Everything indicates that Rivera lasts the jump from Arrimadas to Madrid... There is that meidito has the globalism to lose Spain... Soros will put all the heat on the roaster ThatNoTeEngage elections2019votorightchas
FAVOR	Rivera - Malú Arrimadas - Waterlu Carrizosa - Whiskylu Cañas - Cañas, pussy
FAVOR	Should those who create this party's discourse go to primary first reading classes and to extraschools of reading comprehension, returning autonomy by eliminating it? 155 harder and more indefinite is returning autonomy? HappyMonday BrandPP
AGAINST	The right PPopular and CitizensCs, and the independenceists Pdemocratacat and Esquerra_ERC charge the most social budgets, budgets that need Catalonia and the rest of Spain. Party interests have prevailed over the interests of the citizenry.
FAVOR	Some say that the government did not hand over to the separatists: the transfer of the prisoners to Catalonia, the reduction of the charge of the State Attorney, the lifting of financial control to the Generalitat, the reopening of embassies, the rapporteur...
FAVOR	the pallavicini family rule the palatine hill in Rome and q comes officially from the era of the Venetian republic
FAVOR	Marchena does not let eyndePenal talk. She sees so much the plumer... And on top of his sermons it is he who is wasting time. JudiciTV3CatRàdio
AGAINST	The press echoes ADÑ's presence and performance in the Supreme Court by planting in front of separatism in the TrialProces Texts, photos and videos of the patriots' performance and police performance defending the separatists SomosEspaña
FAVOR	We better choose a government that represents us, without corruption, without microphones, without political prisoners, and without you.
AGAINST	RT Writer3: By helicopter or bather the Generalitat is still in the hands of a cutter WhoNoEnsEnfrontin
FAVOR	AlfonsoIXLeon CODEXREVISUS vlc_JI silvia_yucca Capdecul1 rumbletoe ozabravo32 lovenjaire canilero9 RAGAFO1 auroraborreal88 aerbros David_n_Goliat ElPaco17170917 Julii1985 LauraFangs RafaColono may_adell bla_7863 JordiMasFont Morafanova RamonBerenguerI barnazen jordivergesb ap_poch crmontoro Jren27307674 kiko0243 Argumentse for JesusPase2 Ibermensch states_spain 33Joanot TabarniaOn fhaherrera be1infern Blamitter berganu Olethros hlcannibal vivi190473 mosnonez nuriapatona Sam46a VictorTabarnia NarSpainTietra DonTenori14 CDRTAbarnia FerranBefore the real democracy Xipress To approve a royal law, it is no usual memory.
FAVOR	??? Of course, but the current system of parties, almost forced it to be so, as both PP and PSOE had to give concessions to PNV and CONV to govern. And that can continue if separatist parties are not suppressed in the general elections.
AGAINST	The stelade of the abuses. The stelade of Torra, ERC, More, Puigdemont, the urns and the rapes of children. Independence in pure state LaSilenciosaCat NosNosCallarán TiraniaNationalista Spain Tabarnia barcelona Catalonia
FAVOR	CitizensCs does not stop accusing TV3cat of manipulating and making independent proposition. How lucky is Albert_Rivera to be able to expose the criticism in the chain itself, unlike the independenceists, who have no presence in rtve
AGAINST	The independenceists dancing the version of Avicii's The Nights. Some in prison and these passing it pipe. The process YES is a farce.
FAVOR	Already in VitoriaGasteiz for the act of this afternoon along with idiamendia, CristinaGnlz and md_etxebarria. See you in a few minutes! Follow it live, from 7pm, here: LaEspañaQuequer votre /
AGAINST	Cs and PP radically reject the rapporteur that the government proposes to dialogue with independence: they call it a transfer to nationalist blackmail
FAVOR	The Supreme (of the PP) will not investigate Pablo Casado (of the PP). One more day in the office. Come university students, shout all with me: BIBA THE KING AND BIBA SPAIN!!! HA HA HA HA.. vivaelrey 29S Happy shameFinde BrandSpain OmplimStJaume Independence
NONE	Turull defends that independence in Catalonia goes from bottom to top
FAVOR	Cipolli3812850 miguelpasquau We all know that there was a plan drawn up from the 9N to condemn directly all social and political leaders and lead the independence movement. Non-political negotiation, attitude during the August attack on the Ramblas, etc. etc.
FAVOR	Abandoned station of Piedrahíta de Castro. Located at the kilometre point 248.129 of the cross line Monfragüe-Astorga (Ruta de la Plata). photography railway station zamora regionalelonesa spain empty heritage architecture terredelpan comarcas
AGAINST	RT GuajeSalvaje: If you buy in Bonpreu you help finance separatism. You decide.
AGAINST	Apotheosic concert and pregon of Joaquín Sabina in the carnivals of Cadiz where he has denied the herds of violent machirulos who can walk loose by the parties and Puigdemont, Torra or Artadi who sweat it.
FAVOR	5 è. Testimoni cridat per la procuracia que li fot la malversación: We did it without profit, we do not charge because we consider that it refers to an irrevocable democratic value, as is the right to decide. ZASCA!!! JudgesFarsa
FAVOR	It will cost more, it will cost less but when a town unites for a goal that is born from within, it is unstoppable. Nothing and no one can stop it. NoSurrenderCAT
AGAINST	? Thanks to Cs the Parliament has approved the proposal to reduce the waiting lists of transgender people for a reassignment of sex??Noemi_delleCalle We demand compliance with the law guaranteeing the rights of the LGBTBI collective
FAVOR	RT Houseof_CAT: The best thing about the trip from Arrimadas to Waterloo is that you will finally know how to place Belgium on the map, which is taken
FAVOR	AlbanoDante76 JonInarritu I saw the documentary and the colloquium of the 20S in Vitoria-Gasteiz with JaumeAlonsoCuev in which everything is not clear, crystalline I would say? Full documentary of the 20S issued on 28/06/2018 - YouTube
AGAINST	? We demand that Sanchez appear in Congress because it begins to be a problem by inventing things that do not exist, such as the bilateral relationship with Catalonia STOPSánchez10F
FAVOR	What else is needed to know what the totality of PP policies means by patriotism? LaPatriaSonPeople
AGAINST	? No pardons? No budgets? No rapporteurs? No armchairs? No unbridled blackmails Spain is not sold to anyone or at any price On Sunday everyone on the street to say StopSanchez10F
AGAINST	The ages also demanded mediators, such as the Catalan couptists Because that means: recognition of state status and legitimacy to the independenceists The scandalous thing is that the Spanish government accepts it...for the survival of Pedro Sánchez in power
FAVOR	What a revolt of the Catalan seditionists, which according to the statement of the Spanish police commanders in the trial to the Catalan political prisoners, say that technically there was no need to make police charges.
AGAINST	RT FerranFbm: I have always said, separatists should not eat spaghetti...... they feel bad!????
FAVOR	yosoynaranjito_ THE ONLY MEDATOR BETWEEN CATALANS AND SANCHESCHETJON is the parliament and in case of failure thanks to the fact that the coups are there IS JUSTICE BASTA YAA¡
AGAINST	The mosso who said 'The Republic does not exist, idiot!' refuses to testify before Internal Affairs. A body body that continues to pursue constitutionalist mossos. UMCmosos jusapol retaliated MariaMonteroTFE
NONE	The carnival is over. Let's talk about serious things. Brazil has to approve the pension reform to equalize the regimes and end the breasts, the anti-crime package to do justice and I go further; we need to discuss a tax reform that changes the tax for consumption.
AGAINST	"In the Balearic Islands, meritocracy is no longer recognized; nationalism-related people are rewarded," says another Health Service worker who also leaves
AGAINST	Inés Arrimadas, a mercenary totally burned in Catalan politics, goes to Madrid, to sell more Catalanophobia, because here in Catalonia, that character no longer gives of himself. Have a good trip and do not come back; few will miss you and your poison.
NONE	President Macky Sall is favourite at the polls this Sunday, augured by economic growth in one of the most democratic countries in West Africa
FAVOR	What university did they give Casado the Master of Compulsive Liar? I don't know if he takes his voters for fools or has just lived in an alternative reality and when he gets here he confuses everything.
FAVOR	Today in Telecinco, Arrimadas has self-proclaimed Khaleesi of the Kingdom of Spain. But not InesArramadas, you are not her, you look more (for that of evil and pride) to Cersei Lannister. You're welcome.
AGAINST	We're going to send these cocksuckers, felons, thugs, traitors, chavistas and liars to the dumpster of history, next to Zapatero. Follow meYTeSigoVOX
AGAINST	IgualadaPP DOESN'T REPRESENT US, nor you, who left behind thousands of constitutionalist citizens, nor that false feminazi ideology of izq boliviana. They will lose even their shirt, fed up their voters with inepts kept unable to be respected by all Spaniards.
NONE	By the video you posted to attack the carnival we already know what you've been doing in those days when you've been missing from social media: watching xvideos.
NONE	? DIRECT.. Start the interrogation to Oriol Junquras Supreme Trial Process 1O
NONE	Two killed in clashes on the border of Venezuela and Colombia
FAVOR	RT humanizationSS: Can't access a drug that stops your disease. Should you take flags to your balcony to get it? LaPatriaSonPeople CecilioCean February 19, 2019 at 11:39PM Can't access a drug that...
FAVOR	RT chaosbusiness: José Antonio Nieto begins to disassemble.. every day it becomes clearer that they are political prisoners shame grandson
NONE	Police, judges and prosecutors do not know: -Who organized the referendum -Who bought the ballot boxes -Who assembled the universal census They know nothing and can prove less. I tell you who and for free: everything organized and paid the people of Catalonia.
FAVOR	I consider myself a political prisoner. ERC has 88 years of history, defends the Republic of Catalonia and has no case of corruption. Right to decide is the self-determination Oriol Junqueras?? JunquerasJudicial AccusaALaDemocratia JudiciTV3CatRadio
AGAINST	Five years ago our brother Leopoldopez was unjustly imprisoned. His only crime has been to raise his voice to have a better country. Today we have the conviction that all political prisoners and exiles must be free. We continue to work together until we achieve it.
NONE	RT Al_jazeeraT: But the press is worried about the Zap Zap of Leviano.
AGAINST	All these divestments to separatism at the expense of the equality of the Spaniards will come very dear to us if we do not learn from what some of us have been warning for many years: the future of Spain can no longer depend on the nationalists.
AGAINST	RT okdiario: Forn says the referendum is compatible and enforces the court order to avoid it
FAVOR	They are bad people, fraudsters and children of... very Spanish and very patriotic They denounce to the president of Switzerland the coup activities of Marta Rovira and ERC in Geneva.. Last minute Catalonia
AGAINST	MiguelN78977837 ValeKrasniki iBarbarellah police K were going to vote something illegal!truth k more than half of the population was not?for k was a fake!truth k in December if they were almost 5 million to vote?x k was legal..truth k the k sent the homeless to vote no?k received chance truth..truth k no one d eu paid attention!
FAVOR	When in a meeting, as the colonel explained, he told Carles Puigdemont to deconvocate the referendum and he did not immediately do so, why did he not stop it right there?. The opinion of yuforn
NONE	U.S. Democratic legislators dress white as a symbol of women's power
AGAINST	RT enoticiscat: "Separatism has become a religion." Miquel Giménez: "TV3 must be closed"
FAVOR	Atiza1994 Vela2711 AnuskaPolsky gabrielrufian Carai atizes, you cured yourself as you say nationalism traveling?. Did you go to visit the colonies?
NONE	Online eschatological pornography services are in crisis in Brazil. Who will risk taking viruses or paying for subscription if they can have the porn delivery directly from the President of the Republic's account on Twitter?
NONE	Oriol Junqueras declares maximum responsibility for the trial, in the absence of the fugitive Carles Puigdemont TrialProces
NONE	RT _CpxdoMT: Tells that the Troop is Red Command if you land here on MT you will see?????
AGAINST	To see that I am made clear by the rapporteur this for what it is, to sit down the politicians of the Catalan parties and to speak without killing themselves? It is that I do not understand... why to speak they already have the parliament no?? I honestly do not understand anything sanchezcastejon
FAVOR	What level Maribel, these just want to live off the silly soup and the fools who vote them...???? Citizens CitizensNotDeFiar
AGAINST	josebove Los indepes, always so consistent with them, applaud with their ears the landing of a guy who has no idea of Spain nor speaks Spanish or Catalan. JAJAJAJA then criticizes Valls... enfiiin...
AGAINST	BeatrizTalegon Yes. Here you have 2. Take advantage of it and don't ask for anything with a lot of fat that is bad for grains..elects2019votorights YoWithSpainOutSquirrelsFromGenero yonovoy8m FemaleNiniNeciasWithoutBorders NoSpeaksInMyNameEquipmentAlready
NONE	I don't feel comfortable showing, but we have to expose the truth for the population to have knowledge and always take their priorities. This is what has turned many blocks of street in the Brazilian carnival. Comment and take your advice: BolsonaroChupaEssaMangueira
AGAINST	RT rangeltarres: The autonomous police warned the government of Puigdemont of a possible escalation of violence during the 1-O
AGAINST	JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJA! Ávila's hasn't even gone!! Nor that...
AGAINST	UltimaHora 的 The PSOE in 2009 said that the crisis had gone through and that in 2011 we would have growth. What happened in 2011 was that it advanced elections to November 20, leaving Spain with 5 million unemployed, in full crisis and ruined.
NONE	The platform powered by Puigdemont calls "the maximum unity of Catalan independence"
FAVOR	quimforn.quimforn: I returned from Brussels knowing that I was summoned to the National Court. I was convinced that I had not committed any crime. Can you follow the Trial Live trial through this link?
AGAINST	RT Belen_Larioss: The Chiringuito!! That's how the Women's Foundation, in line with the PSOE, lives on public money
FAVOR	1O Why does the Court allow Espejo-Saavedra to comment in law on the divine and the human?
FAVOR	Spain is that country that to convince others that it is a democracy pays an advertising campaign... in the rest of VONTA and let VOTAR..!! ThisIsTheRealSpain
AGAINST	You have surpassed all the red lines and everything for personal interest. The traitor is already short, you are a great traitor to Spain and our democracy Mediator implies a recognition of the state and differential of Spain to the catanazis Elections already. A desire to die the PSOE
FAVOR	It's clear you're only going to win us by using violence, with the word don't even give to P3 judicial democracy
FAVOR	Constitution Art 47 Dignified and adequate housing The public authorities will promote conditions... and establish the relevant rules to make this RIGHT effective by regulating the use of soil in accordance with the general interest to prevent HYPOCRITE SPECULATION
AGAINST	...the day Franco really dies I don't know where the occurrences are going to come from is army of cenutrites Separatist cockroaches carrying to the shoulders the dictator Franco with the anthem of the Legion via Journalistdigit
AGAINST	Leonidasvox fjosealcaraz vox_es lauraberja86 PSOE To this Laura of the PSOE who governs with the extreme left chavista, with the extreme right Catalan, with the coup and with the ETA I remind her that the PSOE has among its ranks a condemned for ill-treatment of a certain Eriguren.
AGAINST	Alarm in separatism about the zero mobilization against the transfer of prisoners via digital freedom
NONE	The first thing Bolsonaro should do to improve education is to fire his minister - the most unprepared of all news.
AGAINST	The Eurocamera questions the peaceful nature of the former president's movement, used electorally by ultras flamingos The diplomatic harassment of Puigdemont strikes in Europe via chronic global
AGAINST	Agarzon cares so much about the 70,000 killed by the stasis that he puts on a German Democratic Republic stand to make rice and have a beer and then gives us lessons in democracy
FAVOR	45) Democracy is before the law and more important: laws must be fair, proportionate and emanated from independent bodies. Legitimacy rather than legality
AGAINST	SRA Celá...the trip from Arrimadas to BELGIUM is not certain... find out better or there is no INSENSATEZ
FAVOR	Venezuela is a 'dictatorship' because it detains and frightens journalists... And Spain is a full democracy that condemns rappers for their songs, puppeteers for plays or tweeters for bad jokes on Twitter.
NONE	I erred in underestimating the petulance of the legislators crowded in the STF. Everything is moving towards the creation of a legal absurdity in the TRR -Revolutionary Court of the Republic. The development with which the ministers are making the "crime of homophobia" scares. Brazil needs to react.
FAVOR	MariadelMarMen9 RupertCocke VaByOur sarcasmodify me Yes, you have, when you "like" insults and contempt for being indecent, but I endure. In this case, I have not disrespected you, I have put several options, I see you alluded to.
NONE	I told KRLS that the Mossos would have to comply with the orders and the president understood it. I shared the desire to make the referendum. To celebrate it was a political commitment of the Government. None of the acts of the Mossos was contrary to the EC.
FAVOR	Sor__Prendida boye_g This man is no longer surprised. What is surprising is how he is given a voice in Europe of human rights and the cradle of democracy. It is an insult to all who suffered European barbarism.
FAVOR	Arrimadas will go to Waterloo, asking who Sabi Strudel is.
FAVOR	EP_President to allow acts of the Spanish far right in the European Parliament but not of Catalan democratic independence already demonstrates what is your calaña, fascist. No forgetting or forgiveness.
FAVOR	1-O To exercise the right of defence by challenging the members of the Trial Chamber of the TS, affects the honorability of the Spanish justice. This limitation to the right of defence is new. In addition, the TS must be all the Spanish justice. See to believe Right of Defence!
AGAINST	If we thought we had seen everything, here we have at 24h_tve, public television from Spain, calling political prisoners the killers of ETA This is the change that PSOE public television was looking for and now we can?
AGAINST	Puigdemont-Maduro with a whole army of independent abductees or silly chavistas. They are cut by the same profile. Dictators and associates.
FAVOR	JorgexSeglo21 Good morning?Jorge?treasured treasure, I don't look at or read so many notifications, as when I was hooked to the thread of indepes and not indepes, and I hadn't seen the video that you had recorded from your window raining, I don't know if it's the leaves of the orange tree that you planted.?
AGAINST	Barcelona cannot surrender to the pressures of separatists, the monarchy is the guarantor of our democracy. YoConBOU BCNmetropoli
FAVOR	RT Emma1492is: carolacaracola5 LaFallaras Democracy is reflected in the ballot box and that does not like FelipeVl
FAVOR	EricDeGo3 JavierMontero37 gabrielrufian Pardons but I hate it in vers to Cstalunya sees from month to month, remembers that we will brush the statue A. War or we will not let the Catalans live from us S. Diaz, much progress and d'esquerres both. Fixed that the two sentences are against Catalans, not against indepes...
NONE	I wanted to get drunk hj
AGAINST	The 'indepes' spend 100,000 euros on advertising the 1-O trial
AGAINST	SánchezEnRTVE asked about the date of the elections to avoid the ROBO's sentence of 855 million to the Andalusians? And Phytonovo? And Invercaria? ERE And Astapa? And Competitive Bay? And....
AGAINST	Clouds hover over the Eurozone. A retired Draghi -- leaves on October 31st -- discards rising rates in 2019 and lowers growth to just over 1%
FAVOR	It is normal, though unethical, to defend the law above democracy, when the law is in your favor but democracy is not. Of course, the law also requires you not to intervene in political matters and with respect to democratic rights, you do not stop intervening.
FAVOR	Listen to the Secretary of State. They make clear their fascist vision of the Spanish state. JudiciTV3CatRàdio
NONE	Germany considers it very difficult to repatriate jihadists detained in Syria
FAVOR	- Prosecutory: Did the state security bodies and security forces prioritise on October 1st? - Minister (and Judge) Zoido: - YES. This video, IT'S A GENIALITY. joacuso FemXarxa llibertat llibertatPressPolitics enjakeetb JudiciTV3CatRàdio
NONE	RT CaioAmaralz: react to a robbery, believe in your potential!!
FAVOR	laxarxaxanante1 tferna24 Maqui_A_Belic mariooooohm Good morning!!! I won't be allowed to follow more people I will have to clean up, happy Tuesday.??????Catalan Republic
FAVOR	DaniMateoAgain Better still with the sketches, than thinking is not good for you. Although, well thought out, the sketches are not yours either if then you're going to crawl away to be forgiven for fascism.
AGAINST	Iberiqo carlesenric pirlosantos Thank you Iberian. You announce that Puigdemont is in full shape, thanks to Inés
FAVOR	RT daily newspaper6com: Catalan political prisoners denounce "degrading treatment" and violation of rights during the transfer to Spain
AGAINST	I've been thinking lately that politicians handle officials at their will, also health care. They use them in their language strategies. This would be more difficult in the private sphere... I wish the common mortals could choose between the public and the private...
AGAINST	I deeply regret the death of José Pedro Pérez-Llorca, one of the parents of the Spanish Constitution. We have a great legacy, his unpayable contribution to democracy and freedom in Spain.
FAVOR	Isabel Coixet says that our prisoners are guilty but that she wants them acquitted, because it is better for coexistence and they can dedicate themselves to important things. You can keep your kindness. Is there something more important than freedom and fight against tyranny?
FAVOR	Don't be a miserable liar. You must think that we are fools and don't follow the day by day. DON'T YOU GET TO THE ROOM OF OUR PRESS AND POLITICAL EXILIATES, and you have the little shame of putting on your "book" that 155 was a balm??
FAVOR	jonathanmartinz AnitaBotwin kolontai1959 Segundogg Finally someone who sees reality. They have never intended to negotiate anything. They face the elections by seeing that they don't give in to the homeless. That's all the PSOE wanted.
AGAINST	On the other hand, voting PSOE is voting Puigdemont and voting Vox too, depends on who you ask
FAVOR	Article very interesting, with a strong last sentence: "Even if there is anyone who is clear that the criminal charge has served to stop the secessionists' feet, the truth is that democracy has no shortcuts and that this madness we are going to pay it."
FAVOR	RT UOCT_RM: Transit suspended in Altamirano street, Vivaceta height, by activity of the Presidency Independence
AGAINST	It seems to me very normal that vox_es asks the data of the workers in programs of Gender Violence to check their qualification and suitability and sell it as if it were a witch hunt.
AGAINST	Pilar Rahola on TV3: -"Manuel Castellví is not aware of the damage he has done to Puigdemont, Junqueras, Forn, the Mossos..., sad paper". The fence has been opened to lynching against Castellví. Poor man...
AGAINST	Joaquín Sabina, disguised as a pirate, proclaimer of the Carnival of Cadiz: "... and if to top it is in Cadiz... chimtorra, Puigdemont and Artadi, they sweat me!"
NONE	? DIRECT, Turull, to the prosecutor: We have always been committed to dialogue with the State. The facts deny that the struggle was sought to achieve independence judgment process 1O Supreme
AGAINST	Irene_Montero_ Almost €20,000,000 received in grants in 2017 The donation, by political offices, of all the salary that exceeds 3 times the SMI,.. And you need more money???..
AGAINST	jordievole carlos__alsina Learn Jordi, that's an interview and not your interviews with indepes and terrorists that you do with the knee pads and the baboon on.
FAVOR	DO YOU THINK THE WAY THE PRISONERS MOVED TO A DEMOCRATIC COUNTRY?
FAVOR	Indiraluz7 Mrs_Catarsis ovidioarango Jmanud gustavovocardozo4 NicolasMaduro jguaido That only happens in a country where democracy does not exist. Maduro's totalitarianism leads to these extremes where most crimes go unpunished thanks to the corruption of the Bolivarian Narco dictatorship
FAVOR	Witnesses involved: neither lie nor tell the truth, by Isabel Elbal, isaelbal, partner of the firm Boye, Elbal and Associates, in charge of the defense of Carles Puigdemont, Meritxell Serret and Toni Comín in the trial of 1-O via Counterpower_CM
FAVOR	SpainYou want Spain that I want is plural, diverse, tolerant, multicultural... Where we all have it. Differences enrich us, respect unites us. Let us live and let us live. We only live once.
AGAINST	Lluismunyoz1 Sparta_84 GabisproS AntoHerasArpon carrizosacarlos For I also do not let other things happen and govern separatist parties in the generalist state and I have to endure because so are the democracies. What we cannot do is forget about 41 million more people and their rights is the reason whatever it is.
AGAINST	GuajeSalvaje This guy's not controversial, he's an idiot with yellow glasses.
FAVOR	I also want to see the interview, because I love Jordi Èvole and all the interviews I have seen he has done. I wrote to Nicolás Maduro in a tweet that is fascist, because fascism is authoritarianism and repression, has nothing to do with the socialism I vote for.?
FAVOR	Feminism 8March The most dangerous herd for women have already signed their triple alliance of government and women, stop?the 28 April? fascismNOgracias MujerNoTeCalles
FAVOR	LittleLaura_91 pevicer Zacamot No, woman, independence has suddenly disappeared and no longer exists thanks to the hosts of October 1 and 155. Let's see who lives deceived and in frustration.
NONE	We call the pppv so we don't see anything! Vsf! They could just be campaigning here at TT for the lake herd!
AGAINST	As they say unforgivable... 'no forgiveness or forgetfulness'... Tardà claims that amnesty and a referendum will have to be called after the trial.
FAVOR	STATUSING Before dawn, even raining, the citizenry pounces peacefully before the schools to vote. From the port of Barcelona the police vans are fired.A lot of Rajoy eye with repression: you are responsible for what happens! CatalanReferendum
NONE	When the people are on the street the tyrant trembles. The Adecos have been tireless in this struggle, when it comes to voting we vote, when it comes to protesting, we are at the forefront! Our slogan is unity. Let us not stop fighting for a free Vzla and the Venezuelans!
FAVOR	EnricJuliana Angu_al Independently, a change of air is good when it takes a long time in power. Spanish democracy still sins of having too much captive vote on both sides
FAVOR	RT marcyanez46: Prosecutor: "Are you a member of Omnium?" Turull: "Yes, and the RACC"
AGAINST	What a piece of politics is Inés Arrimadas. Hallucino!
AGAINST	The cost of the 'citizen registration' of the Council is eaten the donations of 10€ to Puigdemont
FAVOR	By the way, I haven't said it. More like any command from the GC and/or the PN to get to the sole of the shoes to Major Trapero. You don't have any lies to cover your dignity.
FAVOR	Little Spanish friends, the former secretary of state of security has just recognized in the JudiciProces that in full level 4 of anti-terrorist alert was several months dedicated exclusively to preventing the referendum of the 1-O. So that you know in the hands of which gentuza you are.
FAVOR	Nieto: I know the number of 1-O wounded by the media and the Department of Health Trials
NONE	The government sees a folly that Arrimadas travels to Waterloo
NONE	RT freedom__depre: Only state championships are able to provide celebrations like this! KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
AGAINST	This Sunday, Sánchez will listen to us at Plaza Colón in Madrid. The Spaniards who do defend the Constitution and want Spain to remain united we have to go out on the street to say all together: Stop it, Sánchez! STOPSánchez10F
FAVOR	RT Gambinados: To those who accuse us of: Coming v?x!!!! Know that they have always been here. JoAccuso JudiciTV3CatRadio JudiciFARS...
FAVOR	Hugomabarca If Sanchez had not broken the dialogue perhaps there would be budgets, but of course how easy it is to blame independence. It is Sanchez's fault so that the bill has to pass it to him. And a little solidarity with political prisoners.
AGAINST	Ilipon77 GirautaOficial Correct. But whoever decides to close the door to the only constitutionalist force on the left and keep it open for the anti-European identity right is Citizens.
FAVOR	RT JoanQueralt: 1O Ask about Catalan subjects, whether Catalan knowledge or having had the documents translated: levelon
NONE	RT LaVanguardia: Tur Colombia Group intends to use its cranes and heavy machinery to remove the container barrier
AGAINST	Summary of what was seen this morning in the TrialProces: Junqueras makes a defense Twitter, with the arguments of Twitter, the fallacy they use on Twitter, etc... I'm sure some on Twitter absolve him. But those judges are not from Twitter.
FAVOR	[BREAKING NEWS] Incarcerated in a brilliant operation of law enforcement an important arsenal of lethal weaponry discovered in an independent zulo camouflaged like a kitchen, last night in Palamós. fairyonfire
FAVOR	I hoped that the transition would serve to achieve an authentic democracy! And I still expect policies of authentic Socialists in a plurinational state! You have never done them and I don't expect them anymore! BE A GIANT FRAUD!
AGAINST	? sanchezcastejon Diálogo, within the Constitution. There are political parties that prefer a permanent 155 and live from the territorial aggravation to conquer the conflict in Catalonia. Independence is terrified to sit down to dialogue. And there was never a pact. SánchezEnRTVE
AGAINST	RT juanluiseguilaz: the world Has many personalities, the same applies to you a 155 that fryes the dishes?
AGAINST	elenapi_vi ToniHernandez73 jordasso1 Ottoeldelbus78 David_Manent cesardecaralt psaltiveri ITarres Jofn66 ME12985 almogaversindep Tea_Trapos KialoHQ I bet you what you want me to be seen more hours of trial to the thugs than your villager
FAVOR	The difference between the independentist Catalonia and the non-independentist is that the former maintain the capacity for criticism and if a non-independentist party makes a shambles we say it and nothing happens.
FAVOR	You're paying members of the royal family to manifest with fascism.
AGAINST	✅ Reason no 2735 to be in favor of creating Tabarnia: Spanish-language textbook, year 2019: Japan and Catalonia are now two countries....
AGAINST	Well then my third wish, freed at least the political prisoners!-exclaimed the indepe.Almost all the prisons in the world were opened, especially from Venezuela, and some countries where human rights were not respected, but the cells of the independant prisoners were not opened.
FAVOR	YaStoyAwake BosquimanThe springsteen_81 wasn't a demonstration. It was people with a ballot in their hand to vote. Peaceful people!! Since when in a democracy the police are sent to smash people's heads to vote?. I don't forget anything.
FAVOR	Poor Roger Torrent can't even get past the saliva of the fastic of having to answer box. I would have done exactly the same as President FORCADELL graces Torrent JudiciTV3CatRadio
NONE	RT itsmariaines: and I end up having a shitty hair that is neither long nor short
AGAINST	NunezHuesca jordi_canyas Mr. JosepBorrellF, it is time for you to resign from the government of TraidorSanchez and show us that you are the only one who defends the rights of citizens and democracy. The MISERABLE sanchezcastejon just seeks to remain in power and you already know it.
FAVOR	Plaça del Rei. Like every Wednesday, in support of political prisoners. FakeJustice FakeDemocracy NiOblitNiPerdo NoATot.
AGAINST	WarEnSalvados Look at what the separatists want us, as Junqueras says, that where the constitutionalists walk the separatists go and fry the ground and disinfect it They don't want us They hate us They're sick 155 YA Resistance
NONE	ENLARGEMENT The Supreme Court allows defendants in the 1st trial to declare in Catalan for emotional reasons
AGAINST	If in the end everything translates to the same, the whole left is the same pattern, everything is for money, dignity is the least. EquiparacionAlready FollowMeYTeSigoVOX LaSilenciosaCat elections2019votorightchas
AGAINST	As creative director of a very long career I can assure you that the designer of the web Covenant for the referendum has not told the truth, entering herself into contradiction. And also lies the witness of the Focus Media Agency. These are palm lies for a professional.
NONE	New cases of rape in app travel were reported this week. In November, we showed that between 2016 and 2018 46 cases were registered in Brazil, but the numbers may be higher. by delarabru, tatikmd
AGAINST	Manuel Valls announces the addition of MLuzGuilarte, PareraEva and NoemiMartinCs to the VallsBCN2019 candidacy.
FAVOR	FulvioCapitanio And that of those 2,400 schools will start with the 3 in which they went to VOTAR Junqueras, Forcadell and Puigdemont was random. Like leaving weapons in open cars, without surveillance, and so many randomities.
FAVOR	From how a freelance Spanish journalist unmasked the star chronicler of the main German pubication, Der Spiegel, who invented his notes from beginning to end. Notón de AnaCarbaosa in elpaissemanal. Hit journalism in times of FakeNews
AGAINST	Arrimadas says he's going to Waterloo to talk to Puigdemont, confirming that C's has completely lost the north. There's nothing to talk to a fugitive who only deserves a visit, that of the Belgian security forces to stop him.
NONE	The people go crazy with the simplicity of the Bolsonaro because, until then, this was a leftist virtue. How so a representative of the elite dressing and acting as a people??? CANNOT WEEE!
AGAINST	The monks of the Valley of the Fallen are left without subsidy Instead of subsidizing the schoolchildren, much better subsidizing: ☆ Chochocharlas ☆ Masturbation workshops ☆ Workshops for prostitution ETC... election2019votorights
FAVOR	Totally agree.The fucker always goes as the intellectual defender of the lost causes.In the background he only cares about his disgusting popularity.It gives him the same thing they beat you, they put you in jail,etc.He does his trash program and point.Equal embraces a face that a fool.
FAVOR	Mistrust has polluted all areas of our social and political life. A paradigmatic and close example is how the mistrust between Carles Puigdemont and Oriol Junqueras led us not to call early elections and pushed us to...
AGAINST	J_Zaragoza_ Not a comment of self-criticism towards disastrous derives from the PSOE and its claudication to independence. Never before have 84 squalid deputies done so much damage to a country. And meanwhile their sectarian deputies closing fiercely ranks around their delirious President
FAVOR	And in the meantime by SPAIN The mayor of Madrid super progressive supporting the ultra-right Venezuelan and calling to INTERVENIR but without spilling a drop of blood...
AGAINST	You're first dick, maybe for that Republican and sure that what you don't want is democracy and tolerance, it shows the writings we receive in our homes only in Catalan, and if we call to receive it in the languages of Catalonia, they tell us that it can't be
FAVOR	The GILIPOLLAS of vox Smith, Puigdemont to prison,bas and cal would say shot,k I say,if government will fill the corners of SEPARATISTS,I don't care how people don't understand,my truth is not inferior to yours,so k who gives you the right to impose your ideas even threatening me with
AGAINST	Sánchez wants the already dissolved courts to validate their decrees.Are you aware by whom we are governed? election2019votoright
NONE	Anyone who complains about President Bolsonaro's video, or has a mocked brain, or is innocent useful, or is a bad character, the president only exposes what is in fact carnival, often the exceptions is a feast of carnality, immorality, hypocrisy, lies, the exaltation of everything that does not work.
AGAINST	In our Executive today we have unanimously agreed that there will be no pacts with the PSOE after the elections of 28A The vote to Sanchez will only add to Torra, Puigdemont, Pablo Iglesias, PNV and Bildu. The best of each house and the worst for Spain
NONE	theshineewrld On the contrary, every day I struggle to be more of the same
AGAINST	SheisMaria17 JoseLuisdelRio9 Ortega_Smith Europarl_EN When Ortega Smith made a coup d'état, failed to comply with the laws of our constitutionalist democracy and tried to impose separatism, he will also be vetoed by the European Union.
AGAINST	FraJeremies nuriadgc The two different realities are those that we see indepes and those that we are not. The war is not Catalonia against the world, the enemy you have inside and you will ALWAYS have it, to see if it is clear to you.
AGAINST	GuillemRieraQue Budiladen Marta_Sibina gabrielrufian junqueras I thought I already lived in a democracy with a diverse and plural society, with all kinds of opinions, Spain is called.
AGAINST	carlescatala201 arturelpayaso2 joanguirado The Catalan bourgeoisie is being co-opted... the privileges for birth and blood cleansing in Catalonia are over! Vox
FAVOR	The head of state, the son of an alleged fraticide who in turn was appointed by a dictator, is now 51 years old sucking from the boat and living at the expense of all Spaniards. I think the best gift we could give him is to scream loudly: Republic!!!.We don't have King.
FAVOR	Look at them face to face and tell them they have to spend 20 years in jail for having put ballot boxes. For having done what their voters asked. Political problems are not solved in a court of law, but speaking. JudiciTV3CatRàdio JudicioProceso
FAVOR	Fran117s jaumenet007 elmundoes Cardineta_GI Very relevant. More when you stand as an example of democracy not like the rest of the Catalan peoples. It is not worth bragging and hiding their name while staining the rest. If you don't say so, it is not worth what you explain... No validity.
AGAINST	RT norcatalan: Great gesture of the players of the Barça that today in Seville continue to strike for the political prisoners
FAVOR	May our political prisoners have them without eating, from cage to cage, without being able to speak, nor prepare the judgment of the next day, badly treated, is typical of a country undemocratic, banana, uncultivated, a state full of hatred made Catalans.
AGAINST	The new and diabolical strategy of the Generalitat: to take the Choirs and Dances of Tractoria to Madrid. With this auditory torture they intend to force the liberation of the coup players. It is a pity that the Madriders have seen them of all colors and will be able to resist these??plasts.
AGAINST	Pablo Casado turns the elections into the choice of a Spain that conforms to the Constitution or another in which the coupsmen send
FAVOR	Nastikuus albertnerviorot Esquerra_ERC gabrielrufian JoanTarda The problem is that he has always been an independent mouthpiece. They have used that argument for 20 years to win votes. Now that independence has come true and they have kept their ass in the air. They have never believed/ nor want the Republic of Catalonia
FAVOR	J_Gonzalez_Ca Don't come to me with a speech to endorse the invention of parliamentary monarchies!Look, let's make it short, the monarchy is a Francoist legacy! Suárez said it, there the hemerotheque!When you vote monarchy or republic we talk, today I tell!
NONE	You are witnessing everything that is happening in Venezuela. In 50 years, some young people will say that Maduro suffered a blow. You, will be an elderly man, and will deny it, but they will send you to study. That's exactly what happens in relation to the 1964 intervention.
NONE	The prafrentex journalism is scandalized, because Bolsonaro showed how many the gramscista revolution is on the streets of the country. "Ours, what horror", they shout. In fact, a horror that has never been shown by the media. Again, they demonize who showed the degeneration and not the degenerates.
AGAINST	RT eledhmel: Junqueras Accused that he is judged by his ideas. The passing of the law through the lining is an insignificant nimity.
FAVOR	RT ajmainzer: SusodeToro1 The GC does not have commissioners but if colonels. Political colonels.
FAVOR	It is logical that Spain feels blind hatred against Catalan politicians, brave men and women who defend the confidence of their voters to the point of risking their freedom and their families. In Spain politicians are only paid tokens with license to steal
NONE	Venezuelan Army Blocks Humanitarian Aid Entry by Colombia · Global Voices
AGAINST	RT phi_flynn: Jomateixapunt If it is that after what we saw and heard today in TrialDelProces it is better that we can laugh for a while, because...
AGAINST	iguardans I guess that will be the existing protocols of action, like some prisoners more... otherwise it would seem a favor
AGAINST	BIN And this happens throughout the national territory. Chain reaction, capitulation in favor of the Republic. This happened in Barcelona Anzoátegui... Military abandons arms...
FAVOR	In this video of Sant Esteve Sesrovires you can see the GC opening passage between citizens sitting on the ground to fuck/defensive blow. The big man in white shirt wears crutches and is pushed by a policeman falling to the ground trial
AGAINST	xriusenoticies Not only the state, but q to the rest of Catalans has gone forever the empathy that we could have with the so-called Catalanists. If now one comes to me with the differential fet, you can imagine where I suggest you put it.
AGAINST	22. Recognize that there are no political prisoners or exiles but political prisoners and fugitives, that they should behave for once in their lives as adults and assume the consequences of their actions with a minimum of aplom and dignity, subjecting themselves to the provisions of the judiciary.
NONE	RT hectoralon: Friends are forever. Germany and Venezuela fight for values.
AGAINST	Idpsincomplexes TeresaColl1 Someone has ambushed Arrimadas. There is no other. InesArranged the enemy has him at home.
FAVOR	InesArramadas It seems that in other places in Europe they have already put them in their place... The same the husband of Arrimadas has to hold to a normal job and leave Uber...???????????
FAVOR	Let's see if you know, Albert_Rivera: the only ones who have twisted the Spanish's arm have been the bank, to which we gave 60 billion, and the most corrupt government of democracy that ruled with your help
FAVOR	Make yourself Oir creates a direct line towards the Middle Ages. Those who are in the 21st century and want to continue in the 21st century, we will take the opposite direction. Not only by supporting the Feminist Strike of the 8M. But also knowing who should not vote the 28A.
AGAINST	JudgesAPMCAT sanchezcastejon pablocasado_ Guardacivil police mossos You have all our support. As public servants our job is to guarantee democracy and the rule of law, and that is only possible by respecting the legal order. We do not have to give in to the pressures we are faithful to the Constitution and compliance with the Law.
AGAINST	The deputies of ERC and PDeCAT are irresponsible to have voted NO alongside PPopular and CitizensCs, to a totally Social Budgets??
AGAINST	This Sunday at noon is called, beyond acronyms and ideologies, the most crucial manifestation for democracy for decades. I am from Barcelona but I will be there in Madrid, with my compatriots. I hope to see you all in Plaza Colón: let's fill that square for Spain
FAVOR	The world More reason than a saint. You can love a country and want independence. Just the opposite that the ultra-right does, does not leave independence or referendum while inciting hatred, vetoes of Catalan products, etc.
AGAINST	When you manifest yourself for the unity of Spain, the indepes ask you why you do not manifest yourself for unemployment, evictions or pensions. And my question is: do they do it?, or do they only manifest themselves for independence?
FAVOR	JordiColl13 DemagogiaVs Almudenapazo inBegornable chemadepablo A level with the comparative colleague, you have just portrayed yourself, levelon!! A coup d'état is not published, a Declaration of independence yes, asshole.
AGAINST	The Government summons a mediator to mediate between Spanish institutions, one of which is publicly coup. Ajá.
FAVOR	Spain pays him a cake. It fills them with privileges. (For the poor to have no need to steal) We have the congress packed with living people. Couples attracted only by salary and privileges Result: we have the most thieves politicians in the world.
FAVOR	Oriol Junqueras will only answer to his lawyer. He will not answer to Vox, the Prosecutor's Office or the Attorney's Office. That is, he will not answer to the FASCISMO who asks 74 years in prison for putting ballots and being a good person.
AGAINST	LAST: The Public Prosecutor's Office opens an investigation against the independenceists who have disseminated the photo of the 1-O judicial secretary
FAVOR	J_Zaragoza_ JuanAlberti5 Have asked your friends from Cs with whom you supported 155 and go with them to the Civil Society's hands, to support you PGE's. Don't hang anymore, we're not fools.
AGAINST	RT Tabarniapnou: AdaColau But you have never come to the hands of the unsaved. Always to the unsaved. Don't deceive anyone
AGAINST	120,000 people in the city of Merida x the chest we put the Usurpador. Merida guarantees him on the street his presidency and the transition YA! Towards democracy. Here we complete the route: Ursurpación Cessation, Transitional government and free elections
FAVOR	GertruCUP boye_g He is simply denying the evidence and is inventing a false account, typical of the political judgements of the best dictatorships. Spain has removed its face and shows that Francoism continues.
AGAINST	3 - No international mediation or foreign interference of national sovereignty 4 - Respect for the sovereignty of Spanish institutions and application of article 155 5 - Commitment to investigate the police and economic abuses of Catalonia and nationalism
FAVOR	And I wonder: No one detected during the pregnancy of Arcadi Sword's mother (founder of Citizens) that this guy had a brain malformation and that he was going to end up being a huge HDLGP? ThisIsTheRealSpain HappyMartes FemXarxa CatalanEU
FAVOR	Map with alternatives to oligopoly that steals from us every month with the complicity of the rotating politicians PPSOE. Energy Efficiency PovertyEnergy
AGAINST	Is there more foolishness than denying the existence of VOX? Too bad you're a mannego and Spanish. I'm disappointed with humanity with people like that VOXAdvanza SpainViva VivaSpain If you shut up everyone who thinks how you win the planet, not just Spain.
FAVOR	RT Zionjurista: The Office of the Prosecutor fines you, Facha de los Cobos dixit.
AGAINST	With my colleagues at the CitizensCs event held today in Barcelona. In 2006 a platform was born that decided to voice the silenced by nationalism, today we are the first political force in Catalonia. We continue to work for freedom and democracy??
FAVOR	GuajeSalvaje Appreciated GuajeSalvaje, After the statement of the husband who accuses the unionist protesters of pushing a man over his wife with a push, do you plan to rectify? How do you talk so much about transparency and veracity! Health and Republic.
AGAINST	GirautaOfficial Mr. Girauta, why do you think that the Catalan constitutionalists, who voted 21D to Cs., now associate them with the PSC, are fools?
AGAINST	_Nikator_ No agency would agree to lose 80,000 euros per face and continue to work with the same client, sounds like another type of compensation at the level of budgets inflated in other projects or payments from behind. Wasn't corruption one of the main complaints of independence?
FAVOR	Rafa_Hernando Bernar19 I think that with absolute majority 4 years was consented to what was not due. Of these muds these muds. Let's hope that chattered_ follows another direction, which suits Spain. Justice without it nothing.
FAVOR	Dimecres a sessió control Congrés Esquerra_ERC will ask this question to sanchezcastejon What do you think is the best formula for independentists and non-independentists to decide their future on equal terms without seeing their legitimate political aspirations violated?
FAVOR	Former police chief Trapote says he didn't see, what we all saw, blows on the face, kicks, punches, etc. to people with arms raised or thrown on the ground! JudiciTV3CatRàdio judici1O JudiciFarsa JudiciProces JoAccuso ThisIsTheRealSpain
AGAINST	A mayor such as Colau can't stand by the helpless coups. Self-determination is not reflected in any European constitution. With Jacobialcalde the Order and Justice will be respected"
NONE	RT carapanarana: The minister is very busy lacramando on Twitter.
FAVOR	MioCid_DeLezo Slaanesh_Adria How will we believe a superior race if we don't know what race we are. You keep putting the law above democracy, worthy of a person educated in post-Franchism.
FAVOR	Carnival of Cádiz - La Chirigota - The stick syrups make the Spanish police ridiculous, alluding that they are violent and refer to the violence of the referendum of 1Oct 2017 in Catalonia. Already they have received complaints from the police!!!!!
FAVOR	__CarmenLopez As my grandmother used to say, to the old smallpox. I would like to see all these lovers and followers of Francoism, living the dictatorship of the coup player, murderer, dictator so longed for.
FAVOR	It is a sufflé There is a silent majority There will be no referendum Independence harms the Catalan economy There was violence and rebellion 21D we will win independence Independence is violent This year the Diada pincharà
FAVOR	They reveal the coup and support past to Tejero de Pérez de los Cobos, whom the PP government sends to the Mosso JudiciTV3CatRàdio
NONE	The opposition leader has been greeted by a crowd at Caracas Airport
AGAINST	? sanchezcastejon The first step I will take after the 28A will be to approve social EMPs. And the pillar of the legislature will be education and its reform.
FAVOR	Trapote - The head of the sector freely chose the school in which he was going to act. Freely. This was a house where every one of them went to his boulevard. JudiciTV3CatRàdio JudiciFarsa
NONE	RT boomerang group: what is the most difficult decision LuisFonsi and David_Busta have!? LaVozAsaltos LaVozAntena3
FAVOR	RiveraRemove meThis I live outside Philadelphia, USA, the birthplace of my country. I am an American born and believed, a descendant of the American revolutionaries. I carry my yellow cord every fucking day with a pin of stellate.
AGAINST	New tale that I share of the country of wonders and fem the republic. I count with separatist delusions, with interesting morals in a country of tales and fables.
FAVOR	5. You said in your testimony that you had only asked for forgiveness on behalf of Puigdemont. But on the Sixth, on October 6, you apologized on behalf of the agents who intervened Did the memory fail in your testimony? Or did you lie?
NONE	The advances that Brazil needs depend on the approval of the New Providence. It is from it that the country will be able to stabilize the accounts, enhance investments, enable a rigid tax reform and wipe even more the public machine, reducing our states.
AGAINST	SPAIN THIS BUT LIVES THAT NEVER! NEXT PUERTO BARCELONA! Follow meYTeSigoVOX 1. Make RT 2. Follow those who retweet 3. Follow those who follow you! 4. Write a new tweet with the hashtag FollowmeYTeSigoVOX BySpain SpainViva
FAVOR	The act ends at Born and everyone shouts "Independence." Colau chooses for diplomatic smile and mehanchutadofalta bodylanguage
FAVOR	Candelian I why he heard people say they won't go out. NoPassaran, ma'am, NoPassaran is what people said!
FAVOR	Pillarcarracelas The cowards will not remember anyone. If a tenth of the Spanish politicians had the courage and conviction of this man, another country would be possible. Whether you like it or not, it shows courage and conviction. I would like to see you facing up to 30 years to defend your ideas.
FAVOR	The Arrimadas thing was planned for months. C's have nothing to propose. That's why you need to talk about them every day. That's why so many shows, performances,... Arrimadas' husband moves to Madrid
AGAINST	Gabrielrufian That a Congressman finds it normal, and even fun, that a judicial secretary has to go out on a roof and not through the door, like normal people, says a lot about your concept of country and democracy. And by the way, you said under oath that it was a fake news.
FAVOR	26) Recognized professionals such as Elpidio Silva, Joaquín Urías, Pérez Royo also disauthorize this judicial assault of 155, culminating in the arrests of the Jordis made without legal basis, by a non-competent body (National Court), without time for defence
AGAINST	RT xriusenotices: Now I understand the defense strategy: they became independentists by obligation.
AGAINST	Let them stop pointing out to anyone because it is disgusting that non-separatists should end escort like Llarena or Arrimadas.
FAVOR	vpartal The Spanish State if the human rights of the Catalan population of more than 300 years ago are violated daily.BassadeColonialismo BastaExpolio LibertadPolitical PressCatalanes RepúblicaCatalana
AGAINST	ReinaSonia: In equipment we are exactly the same as a few years ago, they have been the worst 4 years of Barcelona government in democracy. You use citizen participation to avoid your responsibilities as government to move it to the neighbours PleLesCorts
AGAINST	Puigdemont and the rest of the supremacists want only a Spain governed by PP-Citizens and Vox and a very hard 155 that lasted, at least, 10 0 12 years... That insufflates them life and gasoline with which to revive the flame of the hatred of which they live.
FAVOR	Mariarodrigezc2 marc_bodi Neither fascism, nor machism, nor xenophobia, nor racism, nor rape, nor abuse, nor abuse, nor pederasts, nor factual powers, nor pyjaputas, nor raping priests, so as we live in a utopia we will continue
FAVOR	Hi, vox_es. I am not an official of the Andalusian Board but of the State (in case the 29A have to make another list). I work to combat discrimination on the grounds of sex in the workplace.
AGAINST	This morning in Melilla visiting the border with a group of MEPs to explain the serious problem with illegal immigration and to support our civilian guards and national police.
FAVOR	Spectacular the Ñazi hooligan and fascist JosepBorrellF When it hits dementia, it hits hard. Here is the Francoland ThisIsTheRealSpain graphic test
FAVOR	Albert Rivera: We just want the most basic of democracy to take the vote, go to the polls and vote Tuesday begins the trial of Catalan politicians for doing that, fascist.
AGAINST	RT mtscano: Spain repeats in the elite of countries with greater respect for political rights
FAVOR	RT LaVeciniita_V: Tabera42 As long as the bosses are people to be fingered because they are independent, there will be follow-up: they put them and they pay them to...
AGAINST	RT sucusc: It's time for us to show our feelings for this country! Long live Spain! Long live the King! Follow meYTeSigoVOX
FAVOR	RT JoanQueralt: 1o Aclaradi! Perez's coordination was that the prosecution fine-tuned it, when the case came
FAVOR	Maxpradera Independence is over a hundred years old. Review the story: Pau Claris, Macià... The 15 M had nothing to do with it. Neither Pujol, nor Convergence, nor Mas. Do not hang medals in wrong spaces, please.
FAVOR	ravaged with the example of Forn and what will last. The prosecution will leave the 1O side of the crystal jungle as teo will vote.????. This Farsa Trial will be more fun and more fictitious than GOT7 or Westworld.
NONE	RT sravoltaire: Where is Guaidó? Like joy!!...................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 
AGAINST	TSJCat: Barcelona Instruction No.13 summons to declare Santiago Vidal at the request of the investigated in relation to October 1. March 22.
AGAINST	RT gamube17: vox_es A good place to fill it with feelings and Spanish democracy even if it is said otherwise.?? Vamoooss!! Greetings...
AGAINST	werenase bonpreuescalat And k you do buying in super indepe x god!!don't ever do it again..will be x offer
FAVOR	Sebastián Trapote, head of the National Police of Catalonia and in command of the body on 1O, in 1974 killed a man from Badalona during an investigation. He was never tried and released in the amnesty of 1975.
AGAINST	manel_moles noelia_caro How do you make Pipi the thugs in front of the judge, all symbolic Your Honor, can I go to the sink again?
AGAINST	I have to endure that you have independentist ideologies that go hand in hand with fascism and xenophobia but you call me a fan of love for my country and democracy, all in order.
FAVOR	RT naxoxan: These piles are CONTINUE from another angle CEIP AiguaMarina 1Oct Mamporreros
NONE	Japanese Prime Minister shields in the rules of silence of the Nobel Committee ERANAU
FAVOR	The people formed walls to prevent police action In how many insides was the use of force necessary? I don't have the exact data Didn't say in August 2018 that it was 15? Say a wrong figure MajordoMILLO
NONE	4Mar GuaidoDeRegreso Welcome President and Juan Guaido jguaido left Simón Bolívar Airport, with destination Plaza Alfredo Sadel to meet with the Venezuelans at the concentration in Las Mercedes Let's goTolle FelizMondays Venezuela Let's go
AGAINST	EmiliaTorras For abuse of minors, that's what the right wing wants in Spain?... Spain that I want is from the left alwaysPSOE
AGAINST	The Public Prosecutor's Office will question politicians and technicians who will defend that there was disobedience. Already cited the first witnesses of the Public Prosecutor's Office, who bear the burden of the accusation of rebellion, disobedience and misappropriation of public revenues.
NONE	The absenteeism of the independent deputies obliges to postpone the activity of the Parliament
AGAINST	Subtle differences: ✅ The legacy of the PPopular 42% of Spaniards believe that their economic situation has improved in the last 5 years.
AGAINST	Editorial Federico Jiménez Losantos 的的: It is not being judged whether Spain is innocent in front of Strasbourg, the thugs have to be beaten.
FAVOR	Putting on the constitutionalist suit is a chollo, because it allows them to fail to comply with the Constitution when it gives them the will. I, for a car, have been in prison for a year. Juaticia equale per a tothom?Jorditurull question to the judiciary1O
AGAINST	Neither Scottish Independenceists nor Quebec appealed to the right of self-determination
FAVOR	What the most corrupt party in Europe dares to run like the savior of La Patria is like a little grotesque. Mr. Casado, the country is not looted, the real patriots are those who work for their people, not those who fill their pockets. LaPatriaSonPeople??
AGAINST	I've been thinking about it for a long time, mad at myself, resigned myself, but until today, not at the politicians' living incomes.
AGAINST	There are 240 constitutionalists in that town (I don't tell puemitas, obviously) and 952 separatists. They have held the doll for a week, quiet. Imagine it. "They burn in Gerona a "ninot" of the King dressed as judge and civil guard with genitals in the air"
AGAINST	Go surf waves to California, you'll see how they let you do an illegal referendum.
NONE	Juan Guaidó awaits crowd mobilizations in Venezuela and rejects a civil war Caracas Maduro Colombia
FAVOR	Arrived to Waterloo Any day we have breakfast that have thrown Inés from Venezuela for going to withdraw like a madman all the yellow objects that I was encountering in the streets of Caracas That is the level of the Spanish far right
AGAINST	AirBirabolas angrybender2 This little career in Harvard (like other politicians... a workshop seems when she was hooked up with Salas i Martin) of dead mosquito nothing!
FAVOR	The Civil Guard accuses Puigdemont of wanting to appropriate Catalan quotes
FAVOR	L6Narrimadas 10 minutes ago I wanted to save the Catalans and be President of the Generalitat....
AGAINST	Airatarra MediterraneoDGT 1. South Americans do not intend to break Spain, their motherland to which they love and respect, that to begin with- 2. South America was a land colonized by Europeans, their case has nothing to do with Catalonia. 3. What independenceists want to do is to destroy Spain.
FAVOR	In the repressive Tomb there is always someone who accuses you of being from ETA for denouncing the case of Altsasu, of being from GRAPO for denouncing the case of Valtònyc and of being from CiU for denouncing the case of Puigdemont.
FAVOR	I'm looking at them......and then they make a lot of pain in the ass with their compadres and they're laughing because, so they're treating the fucking Poles, the separatist catalanufos, the lazis... that's their modus operandi... they're pathetic, ignorant pimps.
FAVOR	The whole thing, Arturo, if you will allow me: the half is not independent yes can be imposed on the other, by and as you say, but for now it cannot (want to try?) be democratically imposed on the other half. The shade matters, I think, xq the other half does seem to want to accept that democratic game.
AGAINST	RTthe newspaper: The Prosecutor's Office investigates a mayor of socialists_cat for embezzlement by a banner of imprisoned politicians
NONE	prioritym_ Well, I hope you get bored of this one quickly and return to the old one.????
NONE	RT TO_DE_OLHO: The good and old jairbolsonaro is back and the media is making a fur attack!
AGAINST	Onthewaytoindy KhommonNoise Prejudices, I meant that "mixes" the Tajani FAMILY (ascendants of his wife), calls him FASCISTS because he is exercising his work rigorously as it should be (and does not access the whims of your nationalism that only has support from the far right by certain European)
FAVOR	paeceque Mal. Like most independencers who don't like to spend money on forming the Spanish Brand, in associations that I prefer not to name, in tauromaquia, in the monarchy, and etc...Excuse me, there are some non-indepes who don't like that either.
AGAINST	MURCIA with our good companions, once again on February 2nd. With the union of all to get a pensionworthy GovernmentWhoever governs pensionazo_no
AGAINST	This is the reality of Catalonia, politicians with salaries very x above the national average, money thrown into promoting shit and while the debt rising, who do not realize the inadequate is sick....
NONE	"They gave the PSG as classified, but they forgot that we have a very close team and we never stopped believing. We are Manchester United." - Lukaku
AGAINST	Today we give the Lazi prize to the most understanding person to those people who are alluded to and insulted in posters by untolerant separatists. It says to be non-independenceist but listen it seems as it acts like them, rats, fascists, just to see him boycotting
AGAINST	In the confidence: Torrent already thinks of a new referendum: I voted on 1 October and we will vote again
NONE	Maduro casts the Ambassador of Germany from Venezuela
FAVOR	ErnestoEkaizer Good!! let a central government pass as dumb as possible, to restart independence, we only lack 5% of indepes.
AGAINST	Citizens also sell us to nationalism not only with their pact with PSOE. Don't forget that in Catalonia it was you that the Catalans voted to defend us in the Parliament. And to the first change you go?
FAVOR	Issabella_isab LaRepublicaCat The M point Rajoy the Tuesday that comes but surprise...., it is not because of its corruption is as witness of the false judgment to political prisoners. Are you surprised????
NONE	RT vedez7: HedwigKudo Well, yes, and I'm sure it was a tough decision for you. And the worst thing will be that people won't understand that you've left him...
FAVOR	Voting is NOT a crime, preventing it by force, yes. It hurts me to see a decent politician like Oriol Junqueras testifying before an arbitrary tribunal JunquerasAccusa JudiciFARSA
FAVOR	Mariang38751193 By Spain yes. For pensions, against corruption, against gender-based violence... Let others go. ThisIsTheRealSpain
AGAINST	Thanks Grezzi. election2019votoright Ambulances, neighbors, EMTs and drivers wish for circulatory chaos in Fallas via change_es
AGAINST	RT Manchimusu: Break?? And what will happen to Pderep??? Puigdemont breaks with the PdeCat in front of the generals
FAVOR	Today we remember that battle of San Lorenzo on February 3, 1813, in which Colonel José de San Martín, along with the regiment of poachers, fought against the Spaniards for the independence of Argentina.
NONE	RT Caodobalao: Father, today I don't want to ask, just thank you! After all, you have always been with me, in happy and sad hours....??
AGAINST	.jaumecollboni pscbarcelona Represents the only non-independent left option of Barcelona CollboniAlcalde imagebarcelona
AGAINST	If you look, the progress and the lazis, they accuse you of being a sexist, racist, homophobic, facha. They have no education at all, they let go of the dogma of turn and they don't care what arguments you have, that if they don't interrupt you when talking. SanchezGameOver General Elections28April
FAVOR	Independence prepares to overflow Madrid: hundreds of buses and three full AVEs
FAVOR	Fempcommunica Andreotti, a mobster persecuted by his country. Many mayors and councillors have been persecuted. A law of non-prescription is missing for this gentuza that destroys democracy.
AGAINST	You have to cut off the faucet now, if there is no money, there is no useless and tiring expense. It is good to give money, subsidies and public spending to independenceists.
FAVOR	25/09/18 sanchezcastejon meritxell_batt frommoncloa justiciagob PowerJudicialEs fiscal_es We are still waiting for the release of the 9 hostages that the State has kidnapped in Lledoners, Puig de les Basses and Mas d'Enric FreeTothom FreedomPressPolicies
FAVOR	So we were put into a monarchy imposed with deception. It was not submitted to a referendum because the polls said that it would win the Republic and the dictator had left it said that we had to be a monarchy.? We claimedRepublic
NONE	RT zehdeabreu: Who knows, he's afraid of the family.
FAVOR	Melero shows that the action plan of the Mossos previewed 5,600 agents TrialProces
FAVOR	RT Houseof_CAT: These are partners of Rivera and Arrimadas, is there still any sparrow that it is difficult to pronounce ULTRA right?
NONE	Tucumán the famous Badén de Manzur.INAUGURATE WITH BOMBS AND PLATILOS in Trancas, the land of the vicegob.Osvaldo Jaldo. The inhabitants with their children in arms crossing the river or the badén SIGNA THE HILO?THE FINAL IS EMOTIONAL. jmcos josesbrocco Turcumano mariacarolinara
FAVOR	Declaring independence in Spain IS NOT DELITO, IDIOTA If you consider that the vote in Parliament on 27 October is a DUI because very well, congratulations, but it is not a crime in Spain or anywhere in the world to ignore and that nobody recognizes you enough.
AGAINST	A few days ago I was publishing a tweet from a King's ninot with the genitals in the air in Ribes de Freser. Today the separated have reached ecstasy by hitting it with fire. Let's be glad they didn't catch a constitutionalist to add it to the pirate of the Tractorian Inquisition.
AGAINST	J_Zaragoza_ In view of Pedro Sánchez's latest movements with Torra, it is no longer clear to me whether when you talk about independence you include the PSC/PSOE.
AGAINST	A number one candidate of Citizens of Arrimadas could reduce the distance and place Cs on that bridge between PP and Vox they have always wanted. Launching a consensual internal Opa would be an unthought-out but surely functional strategy.
FAVOR	European Parliament: 1) Puigdemont conference is not accepted for security reasons: there may be incidents. 2) VOX conference is accepted because no security incidents are expected.
AGAINST	The nasty Nazis launch campaigns to the desperate against vox Let them know that we are not afraid, that the fascists are them, that they point to the children of civilian guards, that they point to voters, that they blow up acts of vox_es Continue doing the followingYTeSigoVOX campaign
FAVOR	DIRECT Turull denies contracts with the company responsible for distributing the material of the illegal referendum: There is no charge or budget for Unipost
NONE	DETAILS: Donald Trump's administration has threatened to deport families of military officers from Venezuela, even some living in Miami, for not disobeying the Gobieno of Nicolás Maduro
FAVOR	Theypanolcom InesFilled Daniel Ramirez99 After saying by active and passive, that President Puigdemont had remained in oblivion.....go her and resurrect him.
AGAINST	[VIDEO] This is how Puigdemont has been 'glued' in the European Parliament
AGAINST	Endikmeister delaisla60 toni24156 gabrielrufian No, he doesn't say truths, he does pure demagogy, insults and in some cases intimidates. If he said truths he would say the first, that he is in the background not independenceist (I am Catalan and I know very well the helpless and those who have not been added to the procession car, q da pasta)
FAVOR	Watch if the sentence is written that witnesses of the prosecution come with the same baton day after day, baton that the defenses have already disassembled in previous days. Nor change the argument. It peels everything. JudgesFarsa judicialurnes judiciaalademocratia
AGAINST	RT jaumecollboni: "The dissociation that has been made between democracy and legality is a very serious mistake".. Catalonia.. THE COUNTRY.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 
FAVOR	I also fought against macho violence. Like so many good people. MamenPg_ carmennublo anasbernall protest1 pardodevera AnabelAlonso_of mariapointes ariasvicente431 IEscursell radiocable LaFallaras AimMy NameVox
AGAINST	From the district of Les Corts in Barcelona! Come on! Let's throw those useless city halls!By Spain and for Spain! VoxBarcelona VoxAvanza Follow meYTeSigoVOX
AGAINST	The next 28A the Valencians will give door to a Bottanic who has turned his back on: The school drop-out figures.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
FAVOR	TrialProces Millo says he spent a lot of time for Puigdemont to forget his suicidal approach to making the referendum
FAVOR	trialprocessia3ar More than half of Catalans no longer feel Spanish. Between the trial and the zafio journalism I calculate that in 3 months 2 out of 3 Catalans will ask the indepe.
FAVOR	soler_toni PSOE socialists_cat vox Because in everything that is going against Catalonia and independence, the unity of action with its former partners of the 155, although this represents an alliance with the extreme fascist right of VOX...
FAVOR	J_Zaragoza_ Mr. Zaragoza, history will pass you a bill. You should remember what this humble donkey tells you. The MHP KRLS is neither a thumper, nor a fugitive. His dignity, and that of all retaliated, leaves you plunged into the most embarrassing ridicule you have ever known.
FAVOR	FAQSstrubelTV3 Politicians charge to do politics. Catalans try to do it. Spanish do other things (periods), but politics does not. The political situation that Spain lives with Catalonia would be impossible to prolong it in any other European democracy.
AGAINST	??The right and the independenceists are going to have to wave the biggest flag they have to hide that the NO to budgets is an NO to the improvement of our living conditions.
NONE	Perez de los Cobos' statement to the court, in 10 sentences JudiciTV3CatRàdio
FAVOR	and C's talks about triple it, in Andalusia raising salaries was one of the first actions of the trifachito I vote We can because they are for the people LaPatriaSonPeople
AGAINST	My mother, my cousin!! Will, will, has a lot,, but it reads?? That's not! Primo! That's not the Puigdemont,,, that's Cristina Almeida running away from thousands of pirates who harass her!! Can't go quiet down the street!! Poor!!
NONE	I've already felt very trapped in here with racist comments and I was quiet. Some said, others did not. I'm not going to be quiet. It stopped. It's all written there, just read it and so on. Information that people don't seek pq isn't part of your life. (Gabi) BBB19
AGAINST	Thought The supporters of Brexit or independence are some examples of those who have best known how to make the post-truth, the 'fake news' electorally profitable.
FAVOR	rpberbegal SuperFalete kusandore El__Yayo Deciding to be guilty of rebellion when the police were violent, of embezzlement when Montoro assured in parliamentary office that not a euro had been destined to the referendum and of beating for putting ballot boxes. The shit comes to your brain to eat ojete of "patrio democrat".
NONE	The person you meet at work, on the street, at the bus stop, on the train, in the bakery does not want to know if the president of the republic behaves like the Queen of England, but whether he steals or not, whether he prevents moral and political corruption etc. That matters to the Brazilian.
FAVOR	Orange reached a turnover of 5.349 million euros in Spain at the end of the 2018 financial year
FAVOR	RT Houseof_CAT: Arrimadas goes to Madrid to throw Sánchez and pact with the Fascist ultra-right VOX, that will have been his contribution to...
AGAINST	My interview today in the Belgian newspaper destandaard ☆ Once and for all: in Spain there are no political prisoners via MAECgob
AGAINST	Sanchez does no favour to justice or the rule of law, coinciding with the appointment of a mediator, with the beginning of the trial for the events of September and October 2017 in Catalonia.
NONE	The proposals of the Minister of Justice and Security, Sérgio Moro, displeased the left and part of the media? So it's because it's good. Let's go ahead and approve it soon, because good bad guy is incarcerated or dead bad guy, the option is his.
NONE	RT joymaaar: There are people who want to take their hand and talk - we go there - where???? - to a THERAPY
FAVOR	1984MarBaez Slaanesh_Adria MioCid_DeLezo But having the competition does not imply that it is forbidden. In a democracy only the forbidden is illegal. In Spain it seems not.
NONE	Former parliamentary spokesman with Rubalcaba, has been very critical with the independence process
NONE	I want to be 18 soon, I'm going to care from home
FAVOR	J_Zaragoza_ If Spain were a sovereign country, that perpetual 155 would take years with it, the problem is that now it is only a simple region of Europe where we are only 7% of Europeans, so after applying the 155, Rajoy called for Brussels elections immediately.
AGAINST	Joan Tarda That's because in Spain there are no political prisoners. So much insistence on convincing of your lie, it trembles.
AGAINST	RT Albert_Rivera: Spain is not sold. Let's stop Sánchez. Let's defend our democracy.?? ElectionsAlready
NONE	President Donald Trump (POTUS), in his State of the Union address, stressed the importance of the struggle for democracy in Venezuela and the cessation of usurpation for the cause of freedom. Thank you to the people and the Government of the United States!
FAVOR	This is the difference between a democracy and a dictatorship: democracy protects everyone equally, even those who criticize it, instead the dictatorship pursues dissidents. Thank you for clarifying what kind of regime the Spanish State is.
AGAINST	Jordi_canyas montrey_isa Well, to see how you do Jordi, because between Valls and Lorraine, it almost seems that Cs rules Puigdemont.
FAVOR	BernatDedeu You seem to me to be very friendly with the Canas and you give it to yourself as an independentist, go fuck Bernat.
AGAINST	Eldiarios Eye to the tolerance shown in most of the comments jaja. Only my ideas are valid, those of the other are sharp ideas and you have to censor them. Jaja. And what are you going to do on April 28th? Are you going to paint the VOX ballots?
AGAINST	Thought Another photograph has passed more unnoticed. That of Carles Sastre, ex-militant of Terra Lliure and condemned for the murder of Bultó, along with Ernest Maragall in the independence demonstration. Opina FrancescMoreno
FAVOR	IsraelGJS Don't get upset so much boy!! You don't seem to have any arguments. You have to fill the sentences with the word democracy and laws a lot. You're boiling. Do you see that Ñ has no remedy?? FAQSforojudgesTV3 AcampemastJaume
FAVOR	FakeTrial MilloMenteix NiOblitNiFordó...................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 
AGAINST	The Catalan Treasury was not the only'state structure' planned by the Puigdemont Government
FAVOR	It has been forgotten to jordievole ask NicolasMaduro why Venezuela, forgiveness Spain allows fascism still alive in Spain. salvadosmaduro
NONE	It's a PR's duty to talk about the problems of the BR. And these street cars have lost control! The beings of the video need to be punished. Congratulations to our president who doesn't put his head down for bum Bolsonaro
AGAINST	??? We congratulate all the Companions who decide to risk their lives to save another...? We do not hesitate, We do not hesitate, We do not hide?We only do it EquiparacionIt must already be like this, without doubt, without hesitation, without buts or small letters... only the FACTS are worth us.
AGAINST	More than 250 agents of the GuardiaCivil, National Police and the AgencyTributaria participated in a wide-ranging device deployed during an investigation against drug trafficking, smuggling and money-laundering in the Campo de Gibraltar.
FAVOR	I am very ashamed to see the JudiciProces We are incriminating the Catalans for our right to demonstration, for defending freedom and democracy and for wanting to move forward as a country. VagaGeneral21F
NONE	The President of the Republic is posting this, and he says he doesn't feel comfortable, and he talks about priorities!
FAVOR	RT ConyasJordi: europapress Video where Iceta (PSOE) says the referendum must be possible.
AGAINST	Tsevanrabtan I am tired of the democracy of multitudes. So unfortunate is to seek democratic mandates in the multitudes, as to demand purity of thought from the assistants. Whoever wants, for whatever reasons, and to be legislated according to the parliamentary game of an EdD.
NONE	EDITORIAL - Maximum tension between Venezuela and Colombia EditorialEPC
NONE	Q difficult this is not a prize FamaABailar3F
FAVOR	Andrea Belloni16 josedominguezp2 myquelicette the confidential Always the same!! It was not legal, it was illegal... ufff That's why we have to exercise violence with innocent people.? It was enough not to have given for good the referendum. I do not forget or forgive. Someday they will have to ask forgiveness of the Catalan people.
AGAINST	When you come to Catalonia, let me know, and we visit the most independent peoples. Questions about: 1. Right of self-determination 2. What is a referendum? 3. What is a DUI. 4. The difference between " political prisoners " and political prisoners ". The article of your life?
FAVOR	Carvi18265134 arturelpayaso2 a technique of the Goebbelians is, already have done, to put on the electoral lists prisoners and place to call them POLITICAL PRESENTS
NONE	StateCharnego And l'Arramadas to Waterloo to put a medal to the Puigdemont. Here everyone sucks!!!
FAVOR	Hugomabarca If PP's signatures and the PSOE's brushing of the Statuet led to independence from 11 to 50%, who do not allow dialogue to achieve a negotiated solution can make independenceist even those of C's de Catalunya, I don't tell you any more.
AGAINST	SavedMature me in the only thing I don't stop thinking about is how big the letter of that little book will be to have the constitution of a country.
AGAINST	You can't be dumber than the leaders of the PSC, they have asked ADA COLAU to ban VOX Vistalegre 2 at the San Jordi Palace when everything is hired and paid for. election2019votorights
NONE	VenezuelaAidLive More than 300,000 people attended the concert. The streets of Cúcuta were the first to become human rivers
AGAINST	OscarCamos EsterRubio2 DrSirera Of course, you have to prove it. But does it seem to you personally credible the infumable story that they are telling me? Do you think the proformas correspond to 5 requests from 5 councillors that had nothing to do with the referendum? We will be guarantors but not idiots.
NONE	Orangel goes on in flames...??By exonerating nine advisors, Bozo's son looks like he cleans the area with Bebianno's fear. DCM_online silly Carluxo is not: by sending the class out, signals that he is preparing for the next stage of the war against Bebianno.
FAVOR	As the race degenerates, in times the lackeys silenced to death all the rubbish that their masters ordered them to do. Seeing how the amanced orcs even honor these lackeys is the obvious symptom of the final decadence of the Kingdom.
FAVOR	The VOX party uses the media battle for this process for its electoral campaign and, therefore, puts the court under pressure.
NONE	Duran i Lleida reproaches the independenceists for their refusal to the budgets
FAVOR	_anapastor_ jordievole Do you have the Altsasu boys and their family to interview, much closer... or that circus they have assembled is not dramatic enough for you??????? What does your channel supposedly expect to progress to interview them? ThisIsTheRealSpain ThisIsTheRealPAIN
AGAINST	They never work for anything other than PRUSÉS, and now less for a strike planned by them. election2019votorights???. Government will suspend its entire public agenda on Thursday for the general strike in Catalonia
NONE	Putin, Rohani and Erdogan, disagree for the future of Syria. Presidents of Russia, Iran and Turkey meet in Sochi, Russia, to discuss the Idleb region and the US withdrawal
NONE	Castelo begins to crash! "In labor complaint, a former OAS executive states that the company's executives who made award-winning denunciation received R$ 6 million to adjust the...
NONE	Elanta was canceled here. This second leadership served a lot. Very weak and influenceable. You're finding that it was there just beating hair at the party. It has no commitment to the game.
NONE	RT maryritalopes: BolsonaroThemReason Towards 400,000 tags By the powers of Glayscow, We have the strength
AGAINST	EnricMillo does not leave the court, that there are those who want to read the book!! But calmly, as soon as I declared Luis de los Cobos, the vomiting of independent bilis will change direction. Particularly you have been enormous! As Catalan and Spanish I thank you
AGAINST	Fundación España Responde will defend the Civil Guard suspended by a video of the transfer of the coupsmen via Journalistadisdigit
AGAINST	The Freedom in the world 2019 index of freedomhouse gives Spain 94 out of 100 points in political rights and civil liberties. A higher level to countries in our environment like France??, Italy?? or United Kingdom??.
NONE	Video Trump changes his last name to Tim Cook: Tim Apple
AGAINST	Demential. The keepers of Barcelona, protected by Ada Colau, assault the journalist Cake Minuesa when recording them illegally selling on the streets. Catalonia is in the hands of keepers and hyperventilated independenceists.
FAVOR	Boye_g Everything is based on lies. Now we'll see if you let the defenses contrast your testimony, I'm sure that when there's any contradiction you'll get to the rescue as you've done before, LaVergonya Judges
AGAINST	Follow meYTeSigoVOX ProudDeVotarAVOX Proud to vote for VOX against criminals, traitors and wrongs. Against lobbies progress
AGAINST	I just heard all of Alsina's interview to Torra. Saving the differences with professional Alsina, I've had the feeling of reliving the which we have hundreds of times the constitutionalist tweeters with the independent turn, those which always end their silence or a facha
FAVOR	MariadelMarMen9 IndosIgnacio paeceque pmaque berguetanu sarcasmodigame Caninfin PitorianGray TyranoBerger Most politicians lie to win voters. If they were sincere nobody would vote for them. A clear example is Cs and PP.
AGAINST	?? SpainWhat do you want??In Spain I want there is room for dexamina_ and On0freOnofre i.e., for the FREEDOM OF EXPRESSION.?For what there is no place in Spain I want is for red jaws? ASCO NathaliePicquot TwitterSpain
FAVOR	J_Zaragoza_ If you can choose I ask 155 perpetual. Which is exactly what we have with the Catalan non-autonomy, but already exposed. You will see the laughter of unionism when you don't have any money for scholarships, medical equipment, firefighters or energy poverty.?
FAVOR	REMEMBER, REMEMBER... One of the great questions people always ask, when we talk about independence, is WHEN... our world is guided by time and, when it's wrong, or when something will come...
FAVOR	But without nationalism harming the PSOE by opening up the PP I don't think there is a solution. It's the only thing that would make the PSOE collaborate in the solution. How to deal with compulsory nationalism? Without that we will continue as always.
NONE	NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1
AGAINST	jguaido Camelia60396775 One day will be the military support not only political and you will see how everything is normalized in a democracy
AGAINST	Mr. sanchezcastejon PSOE That some miners have been locked up for days defending their employment in the wellSantiago of Asturias matters?. They better reconvert their brains.Follow meYTeSigoVOX SpainViva YoVotoVox ElectionsGeneral28A SanchezGameOver
AGAINST	? Sánchez dialogues with the GOLPISTAS with a rain of millions ROBados to all Spaniards. The impostor arrived in Catalonia with 1.4 billion € (for Mossos and infrastructures) to continue in Moncloa despite the fact that the coupts warned him that they would continue with the process.?
AGAINST	neusmatamala Tell your father the collaborator, to stop helping the coup player and to tell him that I unlocked us in the middle of Catalonia and the rest of Spain, that I am having a great time with the assholes he says, what happens is that he has very thin skin and can't stand anything.
NONE	RT Miriamfansclub:??Finally the concert will be at 8pm
AGAINST	[VIDEO] This is how a group of independenceists faced the Mossos: When they have attacked, we'll put you back in carnations, now
FAVOR	PPopular This is always TRADITIONPSOE The Government of Dignity The Civil Guard confirms the illegal financing of the PP of Aguirre ten years after revealing it 'Public'
AGAINST	These entrepreneurs have shown much that they are capable of anything! election2019votorights The Vatican reveals that the government of the PSOE of sanchezcastejon once again manipulates its position on Franco's exhumation.
AGAINST	A group of separatists (4 cats) cut the traffic from the second most important avenue in Spain to the Spanish cry they don't vote for. Would this be allowed in any other country on the planet? Is there a right? THIS IS NOBODY WAITING FOR IT.
AGAINST	RT BartolomeMari: The prosecution investigates the 'indepe' harassment of the judicial secretary of the 20S
FAVOR	Mother of God had never heard anyone lie so blatantly in a JudiciFarsa trial. Perez de los Cobos is lying to create a meaningless story. All the millions of people we went to vote for are more credible than this phony!
AGAINST	The ultra nationalists threatening Enric Millo... calm down, justice always follows its course. LaSilenciosaCat LaRepublicaNoExisteIdiot
FAVOR	Spain takes away JordiEvole is also a full democracy that distributes democracy to everyone and to other galaxies.Or do you doubt this?Are you anti-Spain???
AGAINST	larjartito Negansio Afayaiva eduardowsg Enrique56119835 irka_marla javilin7 ManuelNuezAguil JavierArocaDaniMateoAgain It's extrapolable to Spain....It's funny when Basques and Catalans talk about independence....Two million Muslims in Spain. Of those two million, one million is in Catalonia, and in-growing Catalans are going to disappear.....And behind go Basques..??
FAVOR	♪ I'm afraid of those who should protect me ♪ ♪ I'm afraid to manifest peacefully ♪ ♪ I'm afraid to vote ♪ ♪ I'm afraid to tweet and say what I think ♪ ♪ I'm afraid to carry a yellow tie ♪ ♪ I'm afraid to be independent ♪ ♪ I'm afraid to speak Catalan VagaGeneral21F
FAVOR	AntonioMaestre Ya, well, of course, no party. All I have to do is go to the Supreme Court for defending a referendum. Blank this shame as you wish.
AGAINST	In the Catalan Republic the presidents of private organizations decide on good and evil. Pure fascism
AGAINST	Thought The great obstacle in Catalonia is not the lack of a way of dialogue with the Spanish Government, but the internal inability of nationalism to know what is desired.
FAVOR	It says Marchena that it does not allow to answer in Catalan because the Spaniards do not have a damn idea of Catalan and would not understand anything. Nor will they understand anything even if they answer in Spanish.
NONE	The PP is presented with the motto "sensors for 155" and the PSOE studies an offer of Compromises to stop most of the popular luisbalg
FAVOR	RT margui_buchhi: xavierullde nleona1 They are racist fascists who always discriminate against language, which does not follow that of their stupid empire...
AGAINST	Diada2018 this video is very serious!!!!! That man is not a political prisoner, he went through prison for TERRORISM, killing with a bomb a person with the organization TERRORIST Terra Lliure!!! TV3manipula Difunde si indigna!!!!! Vergonya Catalunya
NONE	Sticky6038 Of course, I'll stop being cuckoo and solved!!!
FAVOR	This would be a real cop or a prison guard and not the sons of bitches who beat up peaceful voters on the 1 Oct.
AGAINST	Some readers have pointed out the use of tear gas on 1 October in Aiguaviva. Here is the video of that moment. Five seconds to enter through the door. Via europapress
AGAINST	Despite the opposition of the citizenry the Sanchismo follows its own. On Sunday we have to fill Madrid and show the way out to the doctor. ElectionsAlready STOPSánchez10F Calvo, Aragonès and Artadi continue to negotiate on the state-of-the-art rapporteur
AGAINST	The Rajoy government offered Puigdemont a simulated consultation to bypass the judicial veto to the illegal referendum. First the intermediation of urkullu, the rapporteur, now the offer of a simulated and deferred referendum. Rajoy's inheritance is not good either for Married.
AGAINST	Follow meYTeSigoVOX Are we all or missing someone? 1. Make RT 2. Follow those who retweet 3. Follow those who follow you! 4. Write a new tweet with the hashtag Follow meYTeSigoVOX BySpain SpainViva vox_es
AGAINST	And they pay him on TV3 for saying this kind of sandwiches (and a lot, and only to the non-separatists): despicable, intolerable disrespect, education besides little grace
NONE	Today it commemorates 111 years of the birth of the ideologist of Venezuelan democracy President Romulo Betancourt, founder of the most anti-imperialist instrument in the world, OPEC, author of the book Venezuela Politica y Petróleo; founder leader of ADemocratica and great Venezuelan
FAVOR	arpon_afilado FiloPolitics You have already gone by the branches. It is not good for Spain, that the first thing that comes to the head of Europe when you see Catalonia is: population repressed for holding a referendum, anti-fascist bastion in favor of diversity, which reacts to intransigent Spain
FAVOR	AimMy NameVox And that of all my compañeras and compañeras that we participate every Tuesday from 20 with MarsWe can StopBasuraMachista
AGAINST	Populism and extreme nationalism are welcome in the European Parliament, says Puigdemont after knowing that Vox will give a conference in the Eurocamera
AGAINST	Painting and eggs against the highest prosecutor's office of Catalonia by the CDR and the CUP following the guidelines of Quim Torra. What can be expected when it is the government itself, truffle of tarados, the one that encourages kaleborroka...
NONE	The leader of the PSUV and usurper of the presidency, in a gesture of ingratitude and confidence in the montages that VTV makes him to look burden, calls for a march on Friday against 4 years of the Obama decree, who quite forgave him his life.Trump is something else
NONE	URGENT VENEZUELA Military members of the Bolivarian National Guard attack civilians protesting in the city of Ureña, Venezuela.
AGAINST	As the prunes go, they continue to lose companies, even if the separatists say no. The G-Star Raw textile and 32 other companies are leaving Catalonia
FAVOR	Basque public TV ETB, will broadcast a documentary this Sunday called: The B face of the Spanish army, where it will uncover corruption in the Army of Military and Political Commands
FAVOR	ChikiWhite No one says you have to like it. We're talking about using prison and anti-terrorism to chase rappers, actors and humorists. Do you have to put Lokillo in jail for killing her, all the punks in the 80s, 90s or the Cadiz chirigotas that decapitate Puigdemont?
FAVOR	GorkaKB To exiles yes. Puigdemont's ugly joke and the best foreign film.
FAVOR	- Dolors Monserrat (PP) When did you realize that the independenceists were going to ask you for independence? - Carmen Calvo (PSOE): The same day as you, on October 1, 2017, sitting in the government allowing an illegal referendum
AGAINST	- Is Torrent saying that as much as these twelve Democrats are judged here they are going to continue the process?
FAVOR	VOX talks about the ships of Toulouse (1212) to show their Islamophobia but does not remember the repression suffered by women until 1931 Nor as the sexist ranquism locked them at home, as they wanted! Nopasaran 8M 8M2019 8MarchHuelgaFeminista
FAVOR	"There is no electoral mandate that can legitimize the violation of the law." My mother. Is that what you think?
AGAINST	This is the level of the partners of pedrosanchez. There is no need for independenceists to put the rule of law in jeopardy: The sum of pedrosanchez and we can leave would suffice to charge it.
FAVOR	The Speaker of Parliament, Roger Torrent, said that the declaration of independence was only seeking to force a negotiation.
FAVOR	The fascist gestapo begins to draw up their black lists. Keep wondering if you are going to vote or stay at home on the 28A, pure and immaculate progressives, who they go to their own as they get rid of the gilis that you are... AimMy NameVox is: Mecagoen Voustrapu Tacalavera
FAVOR	Nenepilar Santi_ABASCAL ToniParisino I speak every day with diverse people, some will be indepes and others will not, but I guarantee you that they are normal people for more that we are all day with the coup, they have their government in jail for jumping the law, that you want more, that they shoot them all?
FAVOR	If you walk like a wretched and talk like a wretched; Millo Fairy; wretched!!JudiciJudiciJudiciJudiciJudiciTV3CatRàdio
FAVOR	Spanish Justice Referent in lack of independence In the EU queue, with 33% less than UK Switzerland or Ireland, its position is 58; 23 below Portugal. Worse than Jamaica. Except Uruguay Chile Costa Rica, after Spain come the Spanish countries. Venezuela,last WEF
AGAINST	RT JavierEdrosa: Pedro Sánchez Vs Pedro Sánchez president □ STOPSánchez10F
AGAINST	Remarkable to hear Junqueras express himself perfectly in Spanish after the numeral of the mother tongue that the TS has been able to torture with elegance. In the end it is they who are most interested in being understood. TS one, separatists 0. This has done nothing but start.
AGAINST	The loss of the European Medicines Agency has been a mistake in the way of the sectarianism of politicians, who have proved to be unaware of the depth of our industrial fabric, marked by the modern scientific-technical revolution.
FAVOR	ikaitor So when popular consultations are organized for the republic, can they also put you in jail?
AGAINST	The TSJC accuses the prosecutor of the 'Trapero case' of irresponsible for questioning the impartiality of the Catalan courts process 1O
FAVOR	VoteNO to:?Removal of the pharmaceutical co-op.?Increase of 60% of the benefits of the Unit Act.?Enlargement of paternity leave to 8 weeks. Universalization of education from 0 to 3 years.?Unemployment allowance for people over 52 years of age.
FAVOR	Attention!!! All the camels of Madrid that go on Sunday to colon. But let them be loaded with Fariña that will be all the rock of ciudagrams, paquipalla and vox. You will do August in February! STOPSánchez10F
AGAINST	9. Just dare the agent to set aside the table, separatist voters already have their hands up in protest...
AGAINST	Vox is NOT a party of extreme right, it is a party with common sense, that proposes that sensible laws, as q applies the law to everyone equally, regardless of sex,.. VoxExtremeNecessity SpainLive BySpain Follow meYTeSigoVOX
FAVOR	of Junqueras, has been the purest and most disinterested, and most profound, statement of all that I have seen at the moment in this trial. I also take off my hat before the statements of the Lehendakari Urkullu and the Mayor adacolau. Of all the politicians who have passed...
FAVOR	RT INTERcidS: SEPRONA strikes a hard blow to illegal trafficking of species GuardiaCivil CITES TIFIES
AGAINST	ToniSalva3 aleixsarri Tell me, what is that mysterious "fundamental principle"? Forgive me, supremacism is exercised from separatism towards the rest of the world, not the other way around.
FAVOR	Demonstrate against Catalonia, the 20% of Spain's GDP, and not against the corruption that costs them more than 90 billion euros each year - four times the annual budget for subsidies for the unemployed and double the investment in education.
FAVOR	In the political process against the Catalan representatives, the extreme right-wing party Vox appears as a co-applicant. This is unknown in Germany and legally unthinkable.
AGAINST	The Ombudsman will denounce QuimTorraiPla for the indoctrination that denies the inept and sectarian CelaaIsabel Elections2019VoteRight 28AprilElections 155YaCataluña
AGAINST	One of the virtues of the trial is that it has taken away the care of young independence exvotant from ERC LaSilenciosaCat
NONE	Soldiers shoot civilians on the border between Venezuela and Brazil
AGAINST	Danielsirera goslum What a barbarity!! And so on. What if international observers and then they are Catalan NGOs, that if the UN denounces and is an NGO from Sri Lanka. These indepes have no scruples and follow the maximum of slander that remains
AGAINST	By saying publicly that Santi_ABASCAL has my confidence, support and vote; I have lost followers on Twitter; including a journalist. These are those who call themselves "democrats"...I reaffirm myself in my tweet!SpainViva MiVotoForVox VOX VoxAdvances Follow meYTeSigoVOX
FAVOR	RT MIQUELLARA: The prosecutor's office fine-tuning Coronel Pérez de los Cobos.« Fairy Millo judici1O JudiciDeLaVergonya JudiciTV3CatRàdio
AGAINST	VilaWeb peremarziom Puigdemont we all have legitimized him as the escape from the trunk. Don't give him any more laps.
FAVOR	Asshole1 It is also true that China is not a model of democracy. In fi, to lean!
AGAINST	Many were the videos where mossos were seen carrying ballot boxes and making a blind eye during the false illegal referendum of the 1-O. interiorgob did NOT DO ANYTHING. He looked away. And the current government follows the same steps.
FAVOR	AndreaBelloni16 CataloniaFreeTV BeatrizTalegon The laws in democracy are the reality of the people, sovereignty does not have a government... it has the people, and your people look elsewhere when while they steal you, they cut your rights and freedoms... The laws are to protect, not to harass, manipulate and steal
NONE	RT AnnaMarz_: Sonoko has said: "Seems in Nadal"??? Lol!!
FAVOR	VIDEO: Torrent says before the 'proceeding' court that he will return to vote in a possible referendum TrialProceeds
AGAINST	SanchezDimission Never in the history of Spain has been and is as irresponsible and cowardly as Pedro Sánchez
FAVOR	Sniper_Investor nosocuntrol InesCalter CitizensCs Albert_Rivera Claro but it turns out that the indepes also live in Catalonia and we are Catalans and if he speaks against ours he is no longer doing politics for all you understand?? He may like our ideas or not but if he wants respect he also has to respect what he does not like.
FAVOR	charinimalaga EvaMGC_ malaga pacodelatorrep RaulJimenezJ juancgiardin PCervilla almerimar18 maroadelmar KikeMlaga Israeljgarcia Directors and politicians like this, is what is needed for people and cities to prosper.
FAVOR	AlexMegas4 Pardodevera For the PSOE, the Unity of Spain is also a priority, rather than the well-being of its voters...so, what do we paint there? DO NOT authorize a referendum, has been more important than their own budgets. Well, well, it's good. Goodbye.
FAVOR	A group has shown posters with the faces of the independence leaders to claim the Spanish injustice
FAVOR	3) Dictatorship whose ideological motor was Spanish nationalism (one, large and free) based on imperialism/supremacism and false moral/legal superiority. Dictatorship that had its continuity in the farce of transition: a monarch chosen by the dying dictator
AGAINST	RT RCLARES1: And the journalistic independence of Mr Evole, a lackey at the service of the Puemita, must remember Rome does not pay traitors
FAVOR	RT ocelldefoc_13: extreme right-wing criminals judging innocent people. Spain is fascism JudiciTV3CatRadio Judiciproces
NONE	NATIONAL FINDING OF JOURNALISM PROFESSORS
AGAINST	Dear Antonio_Tajani if as President of the European Parliament you allow the Spanish fugitive Puigdemont to enter that space representing Spain?? among other states, you will be violating the sovereignty of one of the states that allows the EU to exist
AGAINST	_David_Bowman_ It could happen but it precisely lowers the pants in front of the separatists to buy them the vote.
NONE	Trump poses the Venezuelan crisis as a warning to Russia and China: Latin America is his area of influence
AGAINST	As someone who is not in favor of separatism, it can be from a team like FCBarcelona_es that protects, and gives shelter to the most radical separatists and independenceists. That's exactly what made me stop being cuckolded in my puberty!
FAVOR	FAQSpalanteTV3 Go hooded at night, armed with knives and spears destroying banners and generating terror, is according to democracy to the Spanish legal The legality of Spanish fascism since the 36 Gabon! Bona nit! Good night! Good night!
FAVOR	You've been caught lozanoirene EspanaGlobal SPAIN DOWN FREE, GREAT, A... human wall JudiceAlaDemocracy JoAccuso España FreedomPressPolicies
NONE	Damares Ministry is accused of preventing inspection against torture in Ceará prisons. It is the first time since the creation of the National System of Prevention and Combating Torture that an inspection of the experts is censored by the Federal Government.
NONE	The contracts to be signed shall take account of the increase in the CPI in order to fix the increase in income
AGAINST	The Internet and new technologies have ceased to be allies of democracy.RJaureguiA analyses in the Euromarl_ES the threat of FakeNews to democratic systems.
FAVOR	29/09/18 sanchezcastejon meritxell_batt frommoncloa justiciagob PowerJudicialEs fiscal_es We are still waiting for the release of the 9 hostages that the State has kidnapped in Lledoners, Puig de les Basses and Mas d'Enric FreeTothom FreedomPressPolicies
FAVOR	International observers on political prisoners: "They go to jail at midnight, when there is no hot dinner or showering"
AGAINST	So, is it false that the Mossos were allowed the 3-O? And do you also think that they complied with the court orders on October 1st and the previous days? The pajamas parties of that weekend were genuine festive expressions?
NONE	Since the coup attempt of July 2016, more than 8,500 members of the Armed Forces, including 150 generals, have been expelled from their posts
AGAINST	Airatarra MediterraneoDGT Typical indepe: I love all humanity except those who don't think like me, which of course, are always bad very bad and fair.
FAVOR	Did you know that the trials of Basque political prisoners have been equal to or darker than the one that is being held today against Catalan political prisoners? So that you can get the idea of what these 40 years of farce have been for many people.
AGAINST	RT Mazzingguerzett1: The indepes want to invade Camp Nou during the classic. Of course the Barça will allow it.
AGAINST	With this sign it protects the godly. With this sign it defeats the enemy. Follow meYTeSigoVOX LaEspañaViva We will recover Spain All offer freedom, but decorating your cage does not make you free. It is time for someone to put people at the center of their policies. It is time for Vox
NONE	23Feb From the dome of San Antonio, Táchira state, access to the Simon Bolivar International Bridge is closed. Via: NeidyFreytesUrb. TVVenezuela TVVNews
FAVOR	Arrimadas jumps to Madrid making a stopover to Waterloo
FAVOR	_Ivan_2010 Guardacivil The GC does not promote bullfights nor has powers to prohibit them. This is a matter of the 'politics of the Spanish race' who do not want to abandon this barbaric tradition.
AGAINST	1st Meeting of 1/8 of finals.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 
AGAINST	A summary of how Catalonia is doing today thanks to Catalan independence. Let us reflect on the responsibility of our politicians.
NONE	RT Fla_Humor: I'll never get tired of watching this video.??? What a twisted fuck!??
AGAINST	Diego Pérez de los Cobos' statement is DEMOLEDORA for Joaquim Forn and former Major de los Mossos, Trapero. Lots of details that discover the trap that Forn and Trapero devised here is another victim. And I say it well. Victim: The image of the body of mossos TrialProceeds
FAVOR	Julii1985 AlfonsoIXLeon jtmaillo RafaColono jordivergesb RAGAFO1 vlc_JI silvia_yucca cava_SEdR aerbros ozoabravo32 David_n_Goliat angostar CDRTabarnia MontseG94398156 CODEXREVISUS 2Empreyat RamonBerenguerI lovenjaire Capdecul1 rumbletoe canilero9 auroraborreal88 ElPaco17170917 LauraFangs may_adell bla_7863 JordiMasFont Morafanova barnazen ap_poch crmontoro Jren27307674 kiko0243 Argumentse for JesusPase2 Ibermensch states_s_spain 33Joanot TabarniaOn fhaherra be1infern Blamitter berganu Oletros hlcannibal vivi190473 demons nuriapatona Sam46a The only women and immigrants living in Spain, a great freedom, a great freedom, freedom
FAVOR	?? Nothing we have done is a crime, calling a referendum is not a crime as is working for the independence of Catalonia. junqueras JoAcuso
FAVOR	Simon Manley, UK Ambassador to Spain, SimonManleyFCO says about Brexit that many European countries have used the referendum. The important thing is that UK can leave in an orderly way. CIO2019 ASInvestmentsES EconomyED_financecom
FAVOR	Usarbe andrewiconnell lozanoirene DominicWaghorn "Congress cancels penalties for convening an illegal referendum" "All parliamentary groups, with the exception of the People's Group, have voted in favour of decriminalization of referendums convened without legal protection" Since 2005.
AGAINST	The interrogations to the Puigdemont government leave a devalued image of the referendum of the 1-O. By marraco_elmundo and germangbernet
AGAINST	93 FSE agents were injured on October 1st in Catalonia. Some were savagely assaulted on a sad day that the couptists say was peaceful. They spread fakes to excite more violence, and gave orders to violate the law. It was a coup to the state.
AGAINST	xriusenotices They are more Spanish than the more political jets Spanish.peores than those that criticize so much.
FAVOR	Picklerick07 It's true... Catalonia wants independence... that's not hating anything.
AGAINST	At 73 days of arrival Carmena to the City Hall of Madrid lied saying that there were no evictions, but there were. It was discovered by the suicide of a woman who asked the City Hall for help so that they would not evict her.Today I didn't know what to say with another. election2019votorightchas
AGAINST	pp, psoe and C's ask that Puigd'orbán be removed from the Eurocamera: It seems that the psoe has returned to constitutional unity as soon as the paripé of impossible dialogue is over, right? To see what it lasts...
FAVOR	JudgementFarsa Until March 2017 the brother of the Chief Operating Officer 1-October in the TC...A PP militant at the head of the Constitutional: the Bárcenas accounts point to a new illegality of Pérez de los Cobos via El_Plural
AGAINST	For those of you who do not yet know the case of Inma Alcolea retaliated, a Mossa who has been living hell for 24 months as a constitutionalist, I leave you this article.? "Reflection on justice in Catalonia, by Inma Alcolea"
FAVOR	How is it possible that three political leaders who ask for the confidence of the citizenry to govern the country will allow themselves to lie so palmarily knowing that they will be discovered immediately?
AGAINST	They say the progress that a poor man should not vote on the right. Following that reasoning I say that, on the contrary, the rich should not vote on the left and much less say that they are communists... I, as I am neither poor nor rich, will vote for VOX General Elections28April
AGAINST	Thought In the digital era colonial wars have ceased to be business. Perhaps that's why Junqueras, Puigdemont, Sánchez and Sala Martín want a fiscally opaque Guinean republic that would turn us into a Brexit colony.
FAVOR	Prosecutor: Did the coexistence go by allowing the referendum? Former Secretary General of Security: NO But the referendum had been declared null and, according to M. rajoy, there was NO referendum. (Neither cohabitation)
AGAINST	RT IvanVila_A: Turull makes Swedish with the preparations for the referendum via EconomyED_
FAVOR	JorgeEbola el_pais JorgeGalindo For more than just using Eta, call coups without a sentence, etc. in the intelligent people don't shut up, each representative in the congress was therefore voted part of the democratic game and is within the constitution, by repeating lies that don't stay...?
FAVOR	CarlosHina BeatrizTalegon La_SER Even some of those who are imprisoned today were also abroad with their companions and traveled to Spain to attend the court order. You see the risk of escape that they were already outside and returned. You are not informed, lied and CONTROLED.
NONE	The 'president' accuses the leader of Ciutadans of looking for a fight and the orange leader, of representing the CDRs.
FAVOR	The Plaça Sant Jaume expelling undercover FASCISTS who wanted to burst the DIGNITY. Great firefighters making the insulating cord. ForaXusmapol!! OmplimStJaume29S 29S Barcelona
NONE	RT judicial review: Maduro National Guard shoots indigenous people; there are two dead and 14 injured (Video)
AGAINST	RT europapress: Arrimadas will accuse Puigdemont of cowardice in Waterloo for having evaded the Supreme
NONE	Relax... the recent Popocatépetl activity is normal. However, there are reasons for us to have the perception that it has increased. Read the UNAM expert information note and see the photo gallery.
AGAINST	The left wants Maduro to continue in Venezuela and Castro in Cuba. They do not defend HRDs, they only defend their political and economic interests.
FAVOR	sanchezcastejon As much as you copy the slogan to vox_es or the PPopular, you will not eat the moustache of a leg. To SpainViva does not paste it. Goodbye Pedro, goodbye.
FAVOR	And so again and again, until yesterday. Today A. More, resurrecting the Bitch and the Ramoneta in RAC1. Politicians made possible the 1/O, with intentions that are not ours. We continue, more now that we have world voice.NoSurrenderCat
FAVOR	Let's take a look: PSOE gives in to GOLPISTAS?? PSOE discriminates against Spanish speakers in Catalonia?? PSOE goes out for dinner with standards?? PSOE spends the money of the unemployed on whores and cocaine?? And all of you alone Joseph.
AGAINST	JCM_Cat The next one you do in a police station with a guard, to see what happens.You should have thrown it on the ground like some of you did on October 1st and you would have been stepped next to some barricades
FAVOR	RT_CarmenLopez: The "constitutionalists" fulfilling the right to decent housing and the DUDH
AGAINST	The conflict in Catalonia has been artificially encouraged by elites through the media, especially TV3. In the referendum of the Statue - in theory the mother of the lamb - there was more abstention than participation. 51% versus 49%. So?
AGAINST	Politicians intentionally forget the role of all the governments of Spain in looking elsewhere, while Pujol and More created a monster
FAVOR	This removes the cruelty, and the human misery that are the de c's... would have to forbid them to be political to this gentuza.
AGAINST	Guilty are, it's true that what they did is not to be 20 years old, it's to be locked up all their lives for a coup d'état, it's true that Piqué once again defends the thugs: They're not guilty, what they did is not to be 20 years in jail.
AGAINST	LuisamarGG What a difference between the testimonies of public officials to the testimonies of politicians. Professionals in the face of the vagueness and inconsistencies of politicians. Despite these latter, we are alive of miracle!
FAVOR	pMeteko ampasm If you had seen the whole video, what is explained is the indirect "democracy". If you see the comments and "likes", there are plenty of non-indepes. You can read some articles from Wikipedia quite curious. Everything is called democracy...
AGAINST	There are only 4 days left...??? Santi_ABASCAL in Pamplona, this Thursday, February 7th, at 20:00 h? in the?NH Iruña Park.????Free access to complete campground: 1,300 people????????? Pamplona Navarra VOXUtil VOXAdvanza EspanaViva
NONE	That all that happened was a learning, I hope never to make those mistakes again.
AGAINST	europapress Dialogue with indepes: - We want independence - it cannot be. let's look for another agreement - OK. we want independence - we said it cannot be. What could we do? - Give us independence - so we cannot continue. let's leave the dialogue - they don't want to dialogue!!
NONE	ULTIMAHORA Japan?? recognizes Jguaido as interim president of Venezuela and leader of the transition to lead the country to a call for free and democratic elections. Let's go Venezuela! 19Feb
AGAINST	Always mocking Ejpana and Spanish and everything Spanish, and associating it demagogically with fascism and everything more rancid and caspian, but the complex of superiority has it the Spanish know...
AGAINST	Santi_ABASCAL Pomitas calling for feces and murderers before such news in 3...2.. But what to expect from people, that much of his party is made up of murderers, pederastas, etarras etc.. Of course before such a fact, 4 cats would remain, even more with the host that they are going to take the 28A. SpainViva
FAVOR	JaviviFCB PabloMM Christomejide For it seems to me cocouncil that I gave you that speaker, so that we can all see how that entrepreneurial founder of political parties thinks.
NONE	- Ludibriam the people with disarmamentist policies - It imposes socialism - They rob the nation - They let themselves starve to death Venezuela does not live a crisis, nor does it live an impasse. Venezuela lives socialism, that is what happens when a system that is not economic is implemented.
FAVOR	jmangues Unprecedented, brave QuimTorraiPla In CitizensCs stalks hatred, bad forms and bad education. They are hooligans of misery, indecency and political mediocrity
FAVOR	RT Marc Sarrats: The fucking Fairy has left thousands of cops looking at the hundred miles behind the 1O Millo JudiciProces
NONE	The Mossos warned KRLS Puigdemont of an escalation of violence on 1-O
FAVOR	Charly20081 Inesbipolar PSOE If here we are "doctrinated" and we have forbidden the Castilian Look at me who seemed to understand that the PP had a political police and that the judges of the Supreme elect them politicians (from changing the sentence of mortgages or talking)?
AGAINST	EmiliPuig1 vox_es cdrsabadell CDRCatOfficial And what's the problem that it greets those who want it? We're not in a democracy? Or is it the yellow dictatorship?
AGAINST	jordicuest BeatrizTalegon is not the case of Spain, we already know, also if we think a little, if less than half of the population of an area wants to impose on a majority of more than 41 million omitting their rights as well, it is normal for any democracy to prevent it because it goes against the law.
FAVOR	During the Civil War the Republicans defended democratic values against coup Fascism. And they fought to emancipate the working woman from her triple slavery: that of ignorance, that of producer and that of woman. Because we were Feminism & Republic
NONE	And to the Catalans who don't mess with us!!! TREAT!!! TRAIDORA!!!
FAVOR	It's funny that this bird is locked up in parliament when in the middle of the full or they're not or they're gone. Everything is very consistent.
NONE	When CX MENIS WAIT EH TK THERE
FAVOR	Nieto speaks of a parallel reality with peaceful concentrations TrialProces
NONE	RT linagalvezmunoz: Legal and ethical reasons to ban pregnancy for others.
AGAINST	Albert_Rivera I want to make a team with the best to rule Spain and lead Europe and the world. We will not select those who have the notebook in their mouth Thank youInés
FAVOR	And this trial has the world watching. The trial seems to be against Spain for lack of democracy and corrupt justice.
AGAINST	She was diagnosed with Hepatitis, Hellen Hincapie, the only woman detained at a GNP headquarters in La Yaguara, along with 58 other Colombians all unjustly imprisoned and overcrowded for 2 years and 5 months, accused by the government of being suspected terrorists.
FAVOR	Junqueras Junqueras: Voting is not a crime. Preventing by force a vote is a crime TrialProces
FAVOR	Sanchez will meet in Cotlliure with mobilizations by political prisoners, by jordi_palmer
AGAINST	LAST HOUR: The separatists study presenting a unitary list to the Congress of Deputies with Ramón Cotarelo, Elpidio Silva and Beatriz Talegón as heads of list. They believe that the coup to the Spanish institutions, this time, could be definitive.
NONE	Puigdemont will not attend the media show of Arrimadas in Waterloo
FAVOR	? The session begins with the resolution of the previous questions. This is Manuel Marchena JuicioProces
FAVOR	The power and privileges of the Church?A monarchy imposed by a dictator?The people cannot choose the type of state in which they want to live. We claim Republic????
AGAINST	First and basic that Valls will not have good results according to surveys. At least not enough to be mayor. Second that to be a deputy in Spain you must be Spanish, not as in municipal. And double nationality is not that paradigm sold nationalism
AGAINST	? Wow!! The new star record of independence!! The little Nicolás! With lace and everything! This has surpassed me, what do we do? We surrender???? I don't have the air! Filed by TV3!!! It will reveal secrets!??.
AGAINST	? Married to Sánchez: "There is nothing to talk to the independenceists of Catalonia. Take advantage of your visit to Barcelona to tell them what day the 155 begins to apply and when the control of the Mossos and the accounts of the Generalitat is taken?"
NONE	The mosso that the republic said doesn't exist, idiot, quiet before internal affairs
AGAINST	Colau has decided to be on topmanta's side instead of supporting traders and ensuring security.??The CSIF Union accuses the City of leaking information to keep you informed of police operations. YoConBOU
NONE	Every day I ship Meredith and Deluca more and more
NONE	PP, Citizens and Catalan Independenceists block EnricJuliana budgets
AGAINST	Roger Torrent has declared today in the trial against the coup. He has shown that he lives in a parallel dimension like Carlos Jesus. He lives in the Republic of Raticulin.
AGAINST	J_Zaragoza_ Missing more! With traitors or water! After asking for a 155 harder, bargain with them just for traveling by plane for free? To the opposition that is your site
FAVOR	RT esperoec: Arrimadas complaining in the SER that Pedro Sánchez takes Quim Torra as the representative of Catalonia. I no longer know where to...
AGAINST	For the racist, immigration is the cause of crime, sex violence, sexual assault, drugs... For the ethnicist, it is Spanish (or foreigner) the cause of corruption, violence, lack of democracy, unemployment.. But this racism nobody denounces it.
NONE	I don't remember the press using the term PT militants in the Lula/Dilma era. Today there is no people, it's just Bolsonaro militant.
FAVOR	RT PoliticsModa: With 155 regained control and makes the gesture of the rider when he pulls the reins (domain)
AGAINST	It has crumbs that sanchismo says that Arrimadas and the Torra have something in common, when the PSOE has crawled before nationalism like no one without any dignity
NONE	RT PagodeiroSagaz_: Zaga even trembles when he sees the killer heating to enter...
AGAINST	We spoke with Roberto Bermúdez de Castro, the executioner of 155: "Pedro Sánchez thanked me for how we applied it"
AGAINST	jordi_canyas tabarniaBCN sanchezcastejon PSOE If someone like Otegi, Torra, Rufián, etc., who are Spain as water and oil, say they want Pedro Sánchez in government, means that the PSOE will defend his nationalist interests. If we are for the unity of Spain, we cannot vote PSOE elections2019votoright
AGAINST	The SilentCat We receive political orders to facilitate the holding of the illegal referendum of October 1: TOTAL PASIVITY.? A mosso is the only protected witness of the 'process', will reveal key data that will incriminate its superiors.?
AGAINST	It's not that I defend Vox's ideas. It's Vox who defends mine. The only useful vote is for those who know he won't cheat on you later.
FAVOR	The creation of the Autonomous Community of Madrid was the key to the success of this city and its autonomous neighbours.
FAVOR	The_Romer_Crazy LaFallaras vox_es I don't work actively against macho violence either, but if I could. AimMy NameVox AbstentionEsFascism 28AlleftVote 8M for Equality FrontDeIzdas
FAVOR	RT radiopolla: The perjury trial, will also be held in this criminal court?
AGAINST	When Sánchez said to Torra: Before the non-government of Mr. Torra, we must guarantee the governability of Catalonia. Catalonia needs a president of the Generalitat who governs not a RACISTA at the head of the Generalitat of Catalonia.? SánchezDimission PSOE?
AGAINST	In the confidence: Arrimadas will not meet Puigdemont, who has offered him a cordial interview
FAVOR	To see, it can not be that Turull explains to the prosecutor how the internet works in the sXXI. Concepts like update, link, attacks, backups.. It has to come learned from home gentlemen that then we extend????? Minipoint by reference?? TrialProces
FAVOR	A commissioner from the Mossos explains that the Catalan police twice asked Puigdemont to deconvoke the referendum
FAVOR	What is right, of course, is to reduce Spain to a very narrow part where neither Catalans, nor pensioners, nor women, nor LGTBs, nor environmentalists, nor workers fit. Spain is not its own, by claramassm
FAVOR	KarkulkaRed Well086 Will.. They will not try a second 'transition-trap'. They will show the dictatorship that began to manifest on the night of October 3, 2017 in the King's speech. Since then they have gone to worse.. and much of the people receive it with 'joy' as in Milosevic Serbia.
FAVOR	El_pais Lucky?...I was hoping to mount a small number to the Tops and they've let it pass. It's not a threat to Maduro, if they have to stop it they'll do it when it's necessary.
AGAINST	Sanchez doesn't close down again with the Independenceists after the April 28 elections. This is Sanchez, and someone wonders why Cs doesn't want to deal with him?
AGAINST	The 'friends' of Puigdemont and Torra in the Eurochamber invite you to explain the trial for the 1-O
FAVOR	quimforn.quimforn: Co-ordination between bodies was suspended at 10 in the morning of October 1 I spoke with Millo on October 1. We had a tone-up discussion Can you follow the Trial Live trial through this link?
AGAINST	Marlaska brings 3 other ETA prisoners to the Basque Country and already adds 26 in just 8 months. Approaching closer, the socialist government has already transferred 26 ETA prisoners since Marlaska arrived at the Ministry of the Interior in June 2018. More than friends
FAVOR	Before the thing started to catch pace, the two great unionist arguments to combat Independence were: What does it put in your DNI? and If you leave Spain, in what league will the Barça play?. The opinion of yuforn
FAVOR	The Minister says "NO" to speak of self-determination and that "it will only be spoken in the constitutional framework." If you want to resolve the conflict, remember that it did not cost you anything to change the constitution in 2011 (ZP-PSOE) to make clear that first banks, then people.
AGAINST	Artur Mas sees it as a mistake to have dropped Sánchez's government. He has argued that it is a mistake to risk forming another less beneficial majority for CAT's interests on 28-A. LaSilenciosaCat elections2019votorights
FAVOR	Hello, La2noticias_tve. You have just said that Junqueras has reproached his attitude to Puigdemont. I have eagerly waited for the video of his words, but you have not put it. Then I have gone to the press, and NONE mentions such a thing. Waiting for clarifications. Thank you.
AGAINST	If when I say politics used to be more fun, it was because politicians had class and the offended sweated them.
AGAINST	As they privatize More, Puigdemont and Torra. Lower taxes to the richest. They claim that they cut in health and education because there is deficit. The consequence is that your health and education will depend more on the size of your pocket. And they know it.
NONE	Many students after the doctorate suffer from tsundoku. They love books, libraries and bookstores. But they read little. They don't have more time, they are teachers, they have children. They need to rediscover the pleasure of reading loneliness + link
FAVOR	FREE DELIVERY FOLLOWING THESE 5 STEPS: free course training mentorship mentoring coursesonline freedom independence life cryptotrading tradingforex tradingforex crypto operator executor operatorbuckle operatortradingforex bag
NONE	The professor at New York University, a constitutional expert in European integration, warns that the battle against national-populism is cultural
AGAINST	Women are beaten in Africa, where women are worth nothing to many. Possibly he is already in Spain receiving 1,800€/month and supporting the independenceists. We do not know this because we have no control over the immigrants who enter.
NONE	We followed Juan Guaidó as he climbed from Vargas to Caracas. This is only a third of the vehicles that escorted the caravan. Look at the color of the plates.
AGAINST	Puigdemont and Torra storm in Brussels against the EU for not supporting them in the independence challenge Tajani has turned the European Parliament into a puppet of the right-wing Spanish parties, said Torra
AGAINST	? manualvalls in the 080_bcn_fashion: "The big debate is about this European Barcelona that looks to the future in front of a populist Barcelona. And I bet for this Barcelona of design, urbanism and fashion". 080bcnfashion VallsBCN2019
AGAINST	Borrell about the independenceists with whom he deals pedrosanchez: They are not reliable
AGAINST	I am Catalan and I want the 155 permanent. At least until they get tired and we stop giving the tab. You don't know what sometimes we have to endure those we're not independentists.
NONE	ULTIMA HORA -??6 Members of the European Parliament's delegation scheduled to meet with the Acting President of Caracas this Monday. They were expelled by order of Maduro. It is sinking faster.
FAVOR	Enric Millo: They were painted on walls As it is, it is a violent uprising to reverse the constitutional order. (Rebellion) So you already know if you paint on a wall Viva the republic and get caught, accused of rebellion.
NONE	I hope it has become clear to the left that there is no persecution of Lula, he has already been tried by several instances and has already been convicted more than once, he is arrested because he is a criminal, simple like this.
NONE	Bolsonaro already used the nets before he was elected; that was always his style. The militant media wanted him to shut up after he was elected? Now, times are others and the president no longer gets encased in ivory tower commanding and demanding, as were Dilma and Lula.
NONE	RT Lucianoavk7: Me and my mania to be serious, laughing.
AGAINST	Tonicantone sarcasmodify me In that paella and go to know with how much more cava is where independence was bet, to which there are no eggs said Rahola and Puchi and Trapero: q no? Hold me the cup...the rest is history
AGAINST	RT europapress: Torra to visit prisoners this weekend in Madrid before the 1-O trial
AGAINST	Societatcc Well listen. As an idea, it's not bad. Even the 1-O prizes could be introduced to the best book of any of the thugs. Time will have...
NONE	It's the President of the Republic broadcasting the journalist's YouTube channel that doesn't know the concept of sexual harassment. The hashtag that was at the top of the trend topics yesterday was quite certain.
AGAINST	xriusenoticies Junqueras doesn't realize that he's talking to a court of justice, that he's not talking to politicians or voters.
FAVOR	RafaColono AlfonsoIXLeon jordivergesb RAGAFO1 silvia_yucca vlc_JI cava_SedR aerbros ozoabravo32 David_n_Goliat antestar CDRTabarnia MontseG94398156 CODEXREVISUS 2Empreyat RamonBerenguerI lovenjaire Capdecul1 rumbletoe canilero9 auroraborreal88 ElPaco17170917 Julii1985 LauraFangs may_adell bla_7863 JordiMasFont Morafanova barnazen ap_poch crmontoro Jren27307674 kiko0243 Argumentsse for JesusFase2 Ibermensch states_s_spain 33Joanot TabarniaOn fhaherrera are1infern Brguetan Blamitter Oletros hlcannibal vivi190473 mosunez loriapatona Sam46a VictorTabarnia Rafita is saying that there is no legal democracy in rebellion....
AGAINST	Of all the Catalan independenceist epics, what I like most are the opinions of politicians, journalists and political scientists from their homes trying to warm the environment.
FAVOR	The economist has given a dialectic bust to the prosecutor of the Supreme Trial
FAVOR	Trapote: In total we act in 50 centers. Trapote doesn't know how many wounded there were because of this fifty performances TrialProces
AGAINST	PP criticizes Arrimadas' trip to Waterloo: He's going to tell Puigdemont that the republic doesn't exist, but he didn't dare run for office or file a motion of censure against Torra
FAVOR	layladris EnricMillo Societatcc In order for it to be legitimate, the agreement of all, but of the majority, is not needed, and, whether you like it or not, the parliament has an independent majority.
AGAINST	RT okdiario: The new leader of C's in Catalonia participated in the independence demonstration of the 2013 Diada
AGAINST	Millo, to Junqueras in 2017: I have nothing against one being independent [...] but what you can't do is violate the law [...] a part of the Spanish people can't say about the whole Spanish people.
AGAINST	?????? We're On the Right! President Sanchezcastejon presents the socialist pre-campaign? And you can't miss it! Vamoooooooooooos!????????? SpainWhat do you want
AGAINST	They do not have commitments to citizens to improve their lives, to draft laws in favor of employment, health or corruption. Their obligation is with the media and the propaganda of the lie LaSilenciosaCat will noosoccallare TribunalSupremo JuicioProces GolpistasAprision
AGAINST	Liar is the most read in the tweets of the 'indepes' against Millo
NONE	And this is my dad, crossing the border to San Antonio by the trocha then receiving his chemotherapy in Cúcuta CrisisHumanitarian border EmergencyHumanitarian Venezuela
AGAINST	vox_es PalodulesFacha Ortega_Smith MirrorPublic Villalobos will not be able to play Candy Crush in months.............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................. 
FAVOR	That person you labeled, he's not the president of my sect. I guess your sect is that of the ignorant, because I do know what your country's president is called.
FAVOR	When you get to Waterloo you'll know how to put the GPS to hit the house of the Republic?
FAVOR	I think the best defense of political prisoners is to let the prosecutor and company speak. They show an ineptitude that I could not even imagine. That, yes, the delegate of the state is no longer ineptitude, it is aberrant, it has just failed to say, of that colony called Catalonia.
AGAINST	BeatrizTalegon ArnaldoOtegi Claro Beíta. The 54 killed by ETA in Catalonia, are actually persecuted politicians welcomed to witness protection programs.
FAVOR	Daniel_Sanz_C sanchezcastejon unchinodechina arturelpayaso2 eltilipata eledhmel PhilAMellows Why do you mix the ages with the right to decide with the vote or independence of many Catalans? I am from Barcelona, and I feel more or less Spanish, but I have family and friends who aren't. Are they terrorists for you? Bad people?
AGAINST	A TV3 star wishes Arrimadas a "cube of shit" TV3 is the TV PRIVATE OF SEPARATISM PAYED FOR ALL
FAVOR	rac1 What little shame you have, but yet I hear you from time to time, for that of knowing how to breathe an unspeakable, come nice, call a little more dignity ehhhg
AGAINST	GirautaOfficial Sanchezcastejon Juan Carlos stop acting cousin in Cs and pass VOX we want the best and you are a value...
NONE	Belen I never support Sofia so we never said I was the best to support my Favourite or at least it's not my case, no one tells her not to say what she thinks everyone is free to think, but don't go wrong putting the Collaborators to campaign against her.
FAVOR	RT Jarvenlamelas: Feminism & Republic There are times when even kings bet on a confederal republic.
FAVOR	Inés Arrimadas winner of the Catalan autonomic elections, once he has solved the problems in Catalonia decides to go to national politics.
FAVOR	Look, one Tajani, alias EP_President, also prevented the dialogue in Europarl_ES which is the headquarters of the adalids of freedoms and human rights is nothing wrong? TajaniPuppetOfFascism CatalanEU
AGAINST	Addresses: I'm going to Waterloo to say nose what the fuck to Puigdemont Puigdemont: Okay, I'll welcome you cordially. Addresses: I don't think I'll see you!...Citizens
AGAINST	Interior Minister Fernando Grande-Marlaska announced this Thursday in the Congress of Deputies that the National Police and the GuardiaCivil will begin to collect on the April payroll the Salary Equiparation for 2019
FAVOR	GFVara Well you walk, which is gerund, while you repeat 155 times to get them hear, and to have more money less twitter and more curing it.
AGAINST	Dear Santi_ABASCAL, I have no affiliation with any party, and for a long time he did not collaborate with any NGO, but before the AVALANCHA DE CESIONES AND PAYMENT OF DUTY TO HIS SOCIOS, AGAINST THE PROPERTY OF SPAIN, by sanchezcastejon, and the PSOE INACTION TO FRENCH SO MUCH TREATMENT
FAVOR	JoanQueralt I don't know why it seems to me that a parliament is now being judged. Can a court judge parliamentary action? When did it fall down the path to "exemplary democracy" parliamentary inviolability?
NONE	Marta Pascal, disciple of Mas and dissident of Puigdemont
AGAINST	With the 1-O the companies fled Catalonia and there was a social fracture. We have to say enough to the bipartisanism of the PPSOE. We do not want Spain to be sold to independence anymore!
AGAINST	Disassembled another paripé from Puigdemont. Sells a very interesting manifesto of supposed support from Holland. They discover that the vast majority of the signatories are separatists residing in Catalonia.
NONE	I hope I don't have to listen more to Albert_Rivera and none of the CitizensCs asking 155 to defend the Catalans not indepes!!! If you want the Moncloa chair, all yours, but leave us alone, what a good bitch you have made us, including InesArramadas
FAVOR	Bernat_'s account is suspended. How many are there already? Berlustinho, Bernat Castro,... Another example of the consolidated democracy in charge of the Monarchy and Co.
AGAINST	Or put Barcelona at the service of independence, or at the service of all citizens. The "bad pasqualmaragall" give equal consequences because it does not suffer, nor will it suffer. It will have to be prevented. The 26M will have to decide between Ernest adacolau or Manuelvalls.
FAVOR	To the left, illegal referendum of the Venezuelan opposition in the dictatorship of Maduro. To the right, illegal referendum on the independence of Catalonia in the democracy of Spain. Look for differences.
FAVOR	RobertDrenth JavierOres PJoliCo Ousitotraveller _Aterrad2 rogeriera8 Krdn1 matthewbennett HywelPlaidCymru ignaciadepano On the other hand, the independenceists are looking so good that they don't even want them in the European Parliament.
FAVOR	This Francoist dinosaur does offend the intelligence of a Democrat. TombemElRègim Francolabd PPSOE
AGAINST	They report to the president of Switzerland the coup activities of Marta Rovira and ERC in Geneva 我
NONE	Missing is something that bothers you too much.
NONE	RT Path of Love: God loves you even in those moments where you cannot love yourself.??
FAVOR	Fairy and martial keys, Millo's account of the violence of the independenceists None of the 93 police officers injured on 1-O, was assisted in the health centers of Catalonia. Let me think.
AGAINST	Prosecutor Zaragoza speaks, loud and clear: "none of these men is judged by their ideas but by their facts." Whoever does not understand, let him go to explain it to them TrialProces
AGAINST	Captus. Puenca malagueña 6 years old. It is good and affectionate. It is suitable with dogs and cats. With people it maintains very good relationship. It is in Seville but can travel (Spain), it is delivered with contract of adoption follow-up. it adopts Captus. ☆693 85 99 84 or 655 05 40 72.
FAVOR	Diario6com ComellasRamon Vale 155 for everyone: Andalusia, Galicia, Basque Country...... Everyone has delegations... for them not? Stupidity is blinding you. Poor silly children....
FAVOR	Hostility and aggressiveness Diego Pérez de los Cobos We want to vote for nothing else. We don't want to hurt anyone. Don't hurt us Sant Julià de Ramis, October 1, 2017 JoAccuso JudiciDeLaVergonya ThisIsTheSpanishDemocracy JudiciTV3CatRàdio
NONE	Forget the prophets of terror. We don't have the worst parliament in history, our president isn't dying and Lula is getting more fucked up every day.
NONE	Ethnicists who have been talking for almost a decade about the ethnic differences of Catalans, Catalan DNA, of the Spanish-speaking settlers commanded by Franco, who call anti-Franquists fascists for not being indefatigable, NOW cry out against ethnicism.
AGAINST	Joan Tarda because there are no politicians arrested by thugs. The mantra of the whining is very ridiculous.
AGAINST	QuimTorraiPla???? Indecent???? Here the only indecent is you and the worst of all is that you have called us beings of inferior race, with taras in the adn and we have to continue to endure your insults LaSilenciosaCat LaRepublicaNoExistingIdiot
FAVOR	28Jan 1817 – Victory of the loyal and patriotic forces of the Battle of Mucuritas led by José Antonio Páez, one of the key battles for the independence of the homeland against the realists who defended the interests of the Spanish empire.
NONE	if you have a bed to sleep, n claim. only pq vc n is lying with the person you wanted, there are several people who don't even have it. several street dwellers, imagine how it should be p them.
AGAINST	So Arrimadas left behind the Catalans who voted to represent them. Although he already did not show up to preside over the Generalitat, even if he had lost the vote. Flaco favor the Catalans and all of Spain then and now. VOX Follow meYTeSigoVOX
FAVOR	NT1 sergipinkman: 324cat 7 CARS DEVASED WITH PEGATINES GOLPISTERS BY SEDICIAL HUMAN MURALLS SINGING THE VIROLAI.
FAVOR	When Elizabeth Cady Stanton wrote a deep analysis of the female presence in the Bible ("The Bible of Women"), she was severely condemned by male clerics, politicians, and intellectuals. Everyone claimed that the devil was behind her work.
AGAINST	RT YagoAlonsoBCN: An interesting article to understand the reality of the famous 155 via ABCespana
NONE	The British Federation does not accept the PPCC because it considers that it harms the image of the sport
FAVOR	lyrapekkala samelen Uber_ES Tell the Top of the page your husband has a hand in Uber
NONE	RT LaVanguardia: The head of the Venezuelan Parliament calls on the opposition to go out on the street on the afternoon of this Monday (Spanish time)
NONE	Data are used to counter the sharp loss of jobs in January, with improvements in key sectors such as construction, services and industry
FAVOR	.junqueras: It is evident that this is not resolved by putting people in prison JudiciTV3CatRàdio JudiciALaDemocracia JunquerasAccusa
FAVOR	José Antonio Nieto, Secretary of State for Security in 2017, is in charge of ordering the 1-O Security Device in Catalonia, and assures the Supreme Judges that police violence was THE MINIMUM IMPRESCINDIBLE.
AGAINST	The SilentCat 28AvoteChange While ruffian was going to snack when he wanted, the judicial committee only had 5 snacks in 20hours for everyone, but according to the indespicable that's NOT violence
FAVOR	If a referendum in Catalonia is the same as a sexual rape. What the fuck are the Manada's doing on the street and the Catalan Political Prisoners on the TS?
AGAINST	? vox_es would enter with much force and would get up to 15 seats in the cortsval according to Barometrocm? There is already less to listen to SpainLive?
FAVOR	After a short break, we start the activities in our occupational home. And there's something we always have: hunger, that's why we start the week cooking pizza, good week for everyone! Autonomy Independence included Recycling MeEncantaLaTribu,
AGAINST	The Man on the couch reviews the 'indepe' strike
FAVOR	Assembling a war is your only way out, same k married k believes k promises a 155 in Catalonia will give you votes, fall into that trap of PP k everyone knows what k are, so they have given up on CATALUÑA and got k instead of being them the enemy, it is CATALUÑA but a
NONE	Puigdemont to Junqueras' statement: Speeches of great politics
FAVOR	Xavier Rius says many things in this interview, but I am left with something very interesting, which comes to say: wanting an independent republic for Cat can please many and it is lawful, but do not deceive citizens, be brave.
AGAINST	tferrerm Demostenes_eu Exhausted above3000_ Sapoconchus Probably nothing. As nothing happened the first time. Simply the non-inadequate we will not have a president who encourages his police to stop us and the nationalist squadrons to bitter our lives.
FAVOR	RT Xuxipc: The temperatures that the independenceists are putting in February are not normal.
AGAINST	VOX announces a Vistalegre II in Barcelona. Open the belts that come curved, gentlemen. This is called planting a pick in Flanders. Follow meYTeSigoVOX VOX via MediterraneoDGT
FAVOR	She doesn't lie anymore because the day has only 24 hours. Madam you called her Iceta First Secretary of the PSC and Sanchezcastejon called your boss Albert_albertrivera or is it that already albertrivera doesn't count and it is you that directs? AlwaysPSOE VotaPSOE
NONE	Mengao2222 Above all black rubble, love doesn't have equals??
FAVOR	UNIONIST ATTENTS: THE GREAT PROTECTION OF INDEPENDENTISM. Lately we have heard news from ERC politicians, Alonso Cuevillas, and more than we will hear, in pre-election period (we must not forget it),...
NONE	Trump to highlight the noble struggle for freedom in Venezuela during speech
FAVOR	Without saying a word, in the first session of the trial, the number two of VOX, Ortega Smith, was who drank more water... Do they test drugs before entering the Supreme? FakeSuprem
AGAINST	MaceirasRam How many more bereaved and more banners better. Any normal person who sees these energies, headed by phyloETARRAS, GOLPISTAS, BATASUNS, PODEMITAS and CORRUMINOSPODEMOSTOS takes fear. The MUGRE is his, the people DECENT and with values, our
AGAINST	Would you like to design the logo for the 140th anniversary of the PSOE? The winner will see its design in a postage stamp The deadline is Thursday, February 28th. If you are a militant or sympathizer, read here the contest's basics.
AGAINST	Politician 3gerad, who also plays football, takes sides with the strikers. Welcome to the political debate, but don't expect a special deal for giving the ball good.
AGAINST	And let's remember that in that action no acts of violence took place, several cars were not destroyed as if the unsaved ones did, I think only the jacket of some MP was sprayed.
AGAINST	RT IndosIgnacio: jmangues Eratolyre "Political press? It is a banalization and lack of respect" via the country_espa...
FAVOR	On the contrary, it is going to ENPEORANDO and it is going to be further and further, we come months hard (with elections in sight) to the unseen Catalans, it is already beginning to glimpse where the shots are going to go, the Catalanophobia gives votes in Spain, therefore the political leaders
AGAINST	During the TrialProcedure, what happened between Xavier Melero (Forn's lawyer) and Commissioner Trapote, is the same thing that happened yesterday between Andreu Van den Eynde (Junqueras' lawyer) and Colonel Pérez de los Cobos. Both lawyers try to catch their "presas" and fuck her.
FAVOR	License theme: Taxi drivers don't care if the licenses go down, because they're not dedicated to selling licenses, they're dedicated to working, no one wants to sell. What's asked is that the law be enforced and this mob of politicians and businessmen go to jail.
NONE	RT Psg_____: The day of tomorrow who knows is God
NONE	"It was used, my candidacy was used to be part of a party money laundering," Zuleide said:
FAVOR	Enric Millo: The cops were set up by the Fairy. They were pouring detergent on the floor to fall and then kicking their heads. JudiciTV3CatRàdio
FAVOR	uroraenpoint In contrast to the only democracy that would stop Puigdemont if he entered the airport.
AGAINST	4. Germany denies a referendum on Bavaria, not because a minority asks it, but because it is Unconstitutional. But Germany is democracy, Spain is not.
AGAINST	It's supposed that the alienated geeks who make these stupid things are the inadequate politicians, not the normal ones.
FAVOR	.Albert_Rivera replies to the independenceists that the only possible dialogue is within democracy and legality
NONE	I don't feel comfortable showing, but we have to expose the truth for the population to have knowledge and always take their priorities. This is what has turned many blocks of street in the Brazilian carnival.
AGAINST	ConsolConluvia is a Carlesenric Now that Puchi doesn't remember almost anyone, it goes Arrimadas to give it a new media focus. Cs's new shit. The fall of intent of votes that happened to CitizensCs in 2015, will remain in anecdote regarding what is going to happen to them in these elections.
AGAINST	Aroa64658814 passeeldia1 Tranquila Aroa, I'm your boss. I didn't hit you...I was inviting you to leave...but to leave the company...It's a joke!! Many of us will vote for VOX for giving independence where it hurts the most... that we feel our breath in Parliament!!
AGAINST	The announcement of the trip from Arrimadas to Waterloo will lose you at least 8 to 10 deputies in Catalonia. In a private company you would be out. It is noted that your professional experience is zero.
FAVOR	Missing, intelligence you think k is necessary to achieve independence, mi If so great, but my information and almost everyone's not complete, so k without all the data the verdict is wrong
AGAINST	The land is flat. There are crocodiles in the sewers of New York. 80% of Catalans want a referendum.
FAVOR	An act of New Generations of the PP of the Casado era was financed illegally through Fundescam, according to a report of the UCO that reveals aliciaguti
AGAINST	The combination of less growth and more spending will exacerbate the deviation of the public deficit in 2019. The really dangerous thing is to increase spending when you grow less. Pure socialism: spending money that is not yours. Pure propaganda. election2019votorights
AGAINST	Anda now comes the chavista ierrejon with a masterclass on liberalism Phrase for the book of quotes: Freedom exists only where there is no fear How in liberal democracy of: Venezuela Korea Cuba Elections2019VoteRight VenezuelaLibreYa
AGAINST	Annacristi66 This Mark Serrá is silly! He is saying that the 28A separatists have to lose!!?????? His political analysis is the same as that of a child regarding pollination!!
FAVOR	EstebanNavarroS Las_Republicas BeatrizTalegon I stop following this means to give voice to a professional processor, who is actively working to dismantle independence.
FAVOR	Well086 That is, if I have a voting friend from En Comú who a year ago I'm eating his ear so that he'll go unpunished, when he's about to decide, will the Tardà go and call him stupid?
AGAINST	The postmodern prince my column of the week in the world on the progressive personalization of political parties in Spain
AGAINST	Right now, in Spain, there is a new political direction, thanks to VOX and to us,as (those who vote for VOX). Panic is present in all political parties: nobody knows how far VOX will go, that is to say us,as,the Spaniards,as.
FAVOR	He lies, PSOE never came out of the constitutional framework, nor sold anything to independence! By lying you are no longer credible Mrs. Arrimadas! If there had been sale there would be PGE 2019! L6Narrimadas
NONE	Independence leaders have sent a letter to Antonio Tajani to "rectify his censorship"
AGAINST	Before the judges did nothing. It was all a political statement. A joke. None of them provoked a coup to the state with the events of September 6 and 7 and October 27. One holy men. As Tip would say are more beautiful than a Saint Louis.
NONE	Everything was tried to free Venezuela from Marxism: constitutional, dialogue, diplomacy and humanitarian path... as in 1973 in Chile, I think there is no longer any choice but to regain freedom by arms! 23Feb MilitarYA Intervention
AGAINST	RLouzad raulromeva Do you teach me the article of international law where you say that self-determination is equal to the right of secession or independence above the constitution of the country where you live?
FAVOR	Remember that it is the Francoists, torturers and murderers who are judging, accusing and blaming the Catalan Democrats for rebellion and sedition. JudiciTV3CatRàdio PutaSpain
NONE	I enter nothing more and nothing less than at Simón Bolivar International Airport in Maiquetía The president jguaido and the US business manager in Venezuela would warn if he saw anything done to him in Maiquetía Do you understand now that the US supports us 100%?
AGAINST	??Degeneration to Nazism without more than the left, clearly totalitarian and bourgeois today, makes them see things this way, so coincidentally with the Otegui in turn, in HDP metamorphosis towards HDP (peaceman).
FAVOR	QuicoSalles It is not necessary to be independent to see that these energetic witnesses have lied more than they breathed. The lie is the only atma they have left.
AGAINST	Thanks to the helpless Esquerra_ERC PDeCATBCN that next to the right today have fallen the PGEtoUnCountryBest social budgets d the history against the interests of the people Barcelona Catalunya The city loses 900M€ of investment. I hope that people take note
AGAINST	I think he wanted to prove that he knows English, that sounds like Water=water. What a level that of these national Catalanists!
AGAINST	Accurate description of the situation in which we are faced with this of bilaterality, Carmen Calvo, rapporteur, etc:... it is not a dialogue between Catalonia and Spain, this is a dialogue between Sánchez and separatism to stay in La Moncloa
FAVOR	Annacristi66 But who is Puigdemón to enter the European Parliament? Politically you do not paint anything, only to those who reverence you, as your independent colleagues You dedicate yourself to taking a covet with some separatist sympathizer from the rest of Europe and encouraging it?
NONE	Ada Colau, Mayor of Barcelona: If we're here for 1-O, we should be millions of people JudiciTV3CatRàdio
FAVOR	Does anyone know what a police charge is knowing that there were no police charges on October 1st?
FAVOR	_anapastor_ The fault of any disease, evil or misfortune is the Catalans. Voting a referendum is like raping a woman. Beaters, rapists, insensitive social, insolidarian,.. This is xenophobia.. what will be the next thing? Shoot my grandmother for rapist and rapist.
FAVOR	RTthemifacosis: FORN TO BE WILD ☆ JudiciTV3CatRadio JudiciRAC1 JudgesJudicial proceedingsFARSA
FAVOR	RT JoshCDRVO: I read around indepes that they think they will get independence without ERC, PDCAT and the CUP. Now just need to explain to me...
AGAINST	For silenced and banished we have managed to remove the face to the left and to independenceists, and we have managed to awn Vox to start with a very clear single: Spain and the Spanish.
AGAINST	bcnviafora_eng In case anyone left any doubt. So was the facade in October of the coup
AGAINST	If the Andalusians want a politician who does not sell them as a currency of exchange to the nationalism we suffer in Catalonia, you have to vote for JuanMarin_Cs. Citizens founded in Catalonia to respond to the insults of the PSOE partners made the Andalusians.
FAVOR	8) The Aznar stage was even more ignominious and was fragrant thanks to the support of the Catalan bourgeoisie, which is now falsely accused of supporting independence. Under the mantra/coartada of a great economic impulse, it went backwards in freedoms and rights.
FAVOR	RT LucasLeonSimon:...and Married - and his master - who are 105% of Spain want the permanent garrotazo of 155.
AGAINST	Pedro Sánchez tantaea to the moderates of Catalan nationalism Offers "political and institutional" shelter to Carles Campuzano and Jordi Xuclà 28April
AGAINST	gonzalezpons asks Interior to look for the legal form to stop Puigdemont in the Eurocamera Our thanks for the initiative
FAVOR	Venezuela No... Spain Sii... SavedMaduro More than two million young people in Spain are in poverty
AGAINST	They condemn the Catalan government of ERC and ICU to return €30 million to disabled people's centers. This is Torra's disgovernment: politicians who put the highest salaries in Spain while taking public money from those who need it most. No shame.
AGAINST	There are only two reasons for Arrimadas to enter Puchi's house: A) Put a micro B) Leave an untraceable weapon hidden behind the tank, as in El Padrino The rest is futile.
AGAINST	Says Elisa Beni, as judge, lawyer, journalist, criminologist, doctor, and a long etc., that this cold killer made a mistake, to Cifuentes almost crucifies her for a cream. That remains.
AGAINST	SoyResistanceE Of justice the immediate annulment of the suspension of functions and archiving of the file We request the IMMEDIATE DIMISSION of the Director General of the GuardeCivil Felix Azon Cargo who cannot be at the service of those who attack our democracy
AGAINST	Toni_florido KRLS It's a little what you do with Catalans who are not independentists, denying us the full right to feel Catalan. Too bad you don't give us any.
AGAINST	Tonialba Lolailo Lolailo Lolaloooooo!!!! guardcivil police Gentlemen Police, the Tonti Alba who says to declare independence unilaterally, encouraging his hosts... is that constitutive of some crime?
FAVOR	RupertCocke bsrbcn MariadelMarMen9 sarcasmodigame High level Demagoggia. It's as if I say: Total, the next time you see a Spanish flag you think it represents the victory of Francoism and fascism in the Civil War (National Band). Those who were highly represented with Hitler and Mussolini.
NONE	The Court of Violence against Women No. 2 of LasPalmas de Gran Canaria is the first in Spain to investigate a case under the Istanbul Convention. It issued an international arrest warrant for trafficking in human beings and coerced prostitution.
FAVOR	FrankRagol DrSirera Care, dialogue yes, but within "legality." That is, no referendums, no self-determination, no fiscal pact, no political prisoners... dialogue on football or DIY or something.
FAVOR	PConstitution What embarrasses me, is that this gentuza, which does not deserve another qualification, humiliate in this way to the PN. * Where were the Mossos? How can they go unpunished? * Why does the tenant not apply the 155 at once? * How three little fuckers bring down the blinds? +
FAVOR	Look I told you that making human walls and throwing them against polishing was not a good idea and you there, give it to him that I hit you!!! Pos san madao...JudiciFarsa human walls
NONE	Cohabitation is always difficult and more when it comes to a shared workspace
NONE	"Only you are missing" the Caraquenos shouted to the military at the Air Base of the Carlota,.
NONE	(1) Dearest, regrettable the sequence of tweets that the President has been posting in this carnival. It disseminates demagogies (on the Law Rouanet and Public Education), attacks free opponents, lifts the scarecrow of socialism (cracked disc), spreads eschatologies and baccalaureates.
AGAINST	VilarrubiasB Ombliguito1 the problem is the evolution of the last few months that makes it difficult... will depend on the votes. That will win the PSOE is very likely. The worst thing would be to re-edit a government with dependence on indepes parties... especially p q dialogue with Cat would continue to be dialogue with indepes...
AGAINST	What a spectacle Ortega_Smith gave yesterday in the European Parliament. Here the secretary general of vox_es for the feet of a Flemish Euro MP, Catalan separatist and friend of the coup player Puigdemont.
NONE	God bless Venezuela and everyone around the planet who has put their gaze, attention, solidarity and support in the struggle that we Venezuelans waged to overcome this historic accident that we have been through for 20 years!
FAVOR	It's a very easy job to understand: politicians name those who are going to judge them, he writes.
AGAINST	A Spain in which we fit all, without discrimination, inequalities and exclusions. Equal opportunities and rights. A Spain that bets for people and progress.??????????? LaEspañaQuequer
NONE	Is the President of the Republic advertising a journalist's channel? This journalist who had the displantation of mixing consensual sex with harassment and making fun of the mourning of a 73-year-old grandfather. Does anyone not see that this is fascist indoctrination?
AGAINST	VOX asks to know who are the professionals who charge public salaries of the Board for fighting the macho violence. The left trembles and create the hashtag AimMy NameVox to let us know how macho it is VOX. You no longer deceive anyone. ICT TAC VOXAdvances
FAVOR	NoBanMePls1 Pescaloba voxnoticias_es vox_es FSerranoCastro Joven..... You already assume that lod that are now NOT SIRVEN. For the rest, people are not monitored, the money is checked. And then, we will publish the list of those who have entered? Sure NO. NoSurrenderCat
FAVOR	"We have always tried to explain ourselves as best as possible to society. Always more and better, trying to generate democratic majorities. We want to convince in positive and we would like not to be treated as enemies. We are no one's enemies" Oriol Junqueras JudiceAlaDemocracy
FAVOR	I will not give up my democratic convictions, I understand that I am in a political trial. Therefore, I will not answer the questions of the prosecution JudiciTV3CatRàdio JudiciALaDemocracia JunquerasAccusa
FAVOR	They'll have to do not only simultaneous translation for the deaf of the trial, they'll have to do it with little signs to make Inés Arrimadas understand it.
AGAINST	The forgotten link between ERC and Mussolini's fascism to achieve Catalonia's independence via abc_es
AGAINST	The stench is gone, but the Prosecutors and Judges will never leave our headquarters, we will never leave our responsibilities and we will never leave our independence. More so, in Catalonia.
AGAINST	Oskartxuprz supra3000_ Exhausted Demostenes_eu Sapoconchus Sure. But there is no constitutionalist government in Catalonia that threatens to give a coup d'état in the name of a super patriotic flag and deprive everyone of their rights
FAVOR	J_Zaragoza_ riverrolavitor Jose: The PSOE against half of Catalans Against Democratic Spain Against EU rights Against the Statute Against the Constitution Against Justice Against Workers' Unions Against the Economy Against the Most Social PPTs Everything they want to break Catalonia 28A
AGAINST	Turull didn't see how Puigdemont got away from him when he told them; "tomorrow everyone to work" and he's going to see about the trial when they haven't even reached the witnesses yet.
FAVOR	SPAIN WILL BE INGOBERNABLE UNTIL YOU LISTEN TO THE PEOPLE CATALAN JoAccuso
AGAINST	Then the people of Rio de Janeiro do not know why Rio is a disgrace, infested with crime and corruption. 6 state congressmen from Rio will take possession of the jail, I said (SEIS) imprisoned congressmen will take possession. Good morning!!!
FAVOR	When one, apart from fool l'haba, is a care franchisor. ThisIsTheRealSpain Francoland
AGAINST	RT garciamarin1978: gabrielrufian But tell the truth they win. They go to Huesca fleeing from the independenceists
NONE	URGENT! Message from Ceará's public servant. LavaJatoNoMec "Good afternoon, Carlos. I know you are not part of the government, but I know you want the good of our country. Please look at the Federal Institutes. They are a cradle of communism. Groups have been perpetuated in power for years.
AGAINST	? Jordi Turull expansion on 1-O: 90% of schools had no problems TrialProces
AGAINST	The 8M strike is a more left-wing fabric to promote cultural Marxism and the war of genders. SpainViva will give the battle to this radical and libertised ideology that is destroying society with its chaladuras.
FAVOR	Borja Prado (Endesa) leaves with a 13 million finish. -It was privatized by PSOE and PP -It shared the biggest dividend in history -We pay the most expensive light in Europe Now you go and vote them.
AGAINST	Torra We are arranged in front of the two worst guys who rule, one who doesn't know that he rules a region and believes himself Napoleon, and another who doesn't know that Spain is a nation and that he thinks he is an aviator
AGAINST	?Re-denunciation of the double RASERO in cases opened to constitutionalist mossos. LoyaltyPolice StopExpedientsMossosLoyals
FAVOR	3gerardpique EnricMillo The Fireman Pyroman What a fool! Nothing has happened yet not because of the independence pacifism that cynically handles the underground violence. Here nothing has happened because the non-independenceists have not taken a step forward to defend us, but how long will that last?
AGAINST	Sánchez doesn't know the thousands of Catalans we've suffered from the misery of the homeless.
FAVOR	I have heard only the testimony of Castellví. It is the testimony that has done the most damage to the defenses. Desanimo. We must turn it around, and reinforce the idea that his testimony shows that Mossos was not the army of the Government. judicialademocracy
FAVOR	Trial Day 1: PP tweets, Cs, Rivera, Married celebrating the trial of the coup. Trial Day 2: Total silence on the subject. Have you noticed that this trial is not a disaster for independence, but for Spain?
FAVOR	Spain violates the recommendations of the Council of Europe on judicial independence. It applies a 155 unconstitutional. It draws from the penal code as dictatorship. It withdraws thousands of € million from Catalan banks. It imprisons our politicians. Do you think we are stupid?
AGAINST	Today José Pedro Pérez-Llorca has died, one of the seven parents of the Constitution and a great defender of our democracy and of the rights and freedoms of the Spaniards. My deepest condolences to his relatives and relatives. DEP
FAVOR	They speak grandiloquently, they sell us symbols as if with them they were paid bills... the gods in the sky and the men on the ground... LaPatriaSonPeople no more or less!!
NONE	Here you are all experts in love, why let's go it's not so hard to understand the situation of her, of course what she wants to be with him but she knows what's out there and doesn't think about her or her happiness, it has to be hard to want to be with a person and by other people or x
NONE	RT UOLNews: Opinion: Moro asks for calm to allies: Bolsonaro does not lose by waiting
NONE	The U.S. Senate confirms Barr as attorney general. Sessions' successor will be in charge of overseeing the investigation into Russian interference
FAVOR	Those who VoteDo not however vote the money laundering of the pp on the morning of the tragic 11M. 12 movements less than 3,000€ to the account of Fundescam, which served to finance their campaigns. The pain of the people already tomorrow if such...
FAVOR	Everything indicates that as long as there is no legal and agreed consultation or referendum there will be no solution for CAT. And Sanchez refuses in round to move around
AGAINST	Nmartinblanco TV3cat TV3 is at the service of independence. It has become a non-objective and neutral medium.Only the independenceists look at it. It's their TV. It's okay, we look at another channel and point.
NONE	VivianaaFerrari These photos are the representation of everything that is wrong in Argentina..JusticeByNatacha JusticeVerguenza german_garavano
AGAINST	We will storm the sky... hell and the underworld if we need it! Santi_ABASCAL Follow me &TeSigoVOX TwitterEsDe Derechos I amPatriota WednesdayBySpain YoConSpain SpainViva YoVotoVox
AGAINST	Internal Affairs investigates a Mosso who said The Republic does not exist, idiot and does not investigate the group of Mosso of Guilleries who is dedicated to filtering identities of non-independentists. All in order.
AGAINST	Soraya Rodriguez Very happy with the decision of Soraya We are many militants or voters that we have abandoned the psoe With nationalism or around the corner.Unit of Constitutionalism and then offer of dialogue to moderate nationalism Resistance.
FAVOR	srmlykov 2Joanr 6 years I have been repeating that and neither Thor understands it. And as it is all day in the mouth of all politicians and journalists the canteen of Spain is a rule of law people already believe that that is synonymous with democracy??
AGAINST	sanchezcastejon Didn't give up the framework: Dialogue within the Constitution? Are there parties that live from the territorial aggravation SánchezEnRTVE? The 28th vote PSOE
AGAINST	It follows from this that a government must represent the whole population, without distinction on the grounds of race, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion
FAVOR	- There were human walls against the police, 7 cars devastated, 3 fire dragons, an army of white walkers... - But what do you say? - I already know.
FAVOR	HuhConH sorayadyr Well I don't tell you for wearing a yellow tie, the first thing Vox does in court is to force them to take it off. VERY COHERENT. spatran Spanish Spanish NoSurrenderCat
FAVOR	I also work against male violence AimMy NameVox: The tweet with which LaFallaras has encouraged the tweeters to challenge the ultra-right party Via Tremending
AGAINST	What's more, the millions that send Catalonia if they allow it to continue the instability with the separatism that causes money and investment not to come. The money that they put through the door is multiplied by 100 by the window.
NONE	If something had to say to those who participate in the concert that organizes chavismo on the border, it is that they cover well, but well face their participation, since it will be the last time they get on a stage...
FAVOR	Voltage in Parliament: Arrimadas faces Torra by Sánchez and the president attacks her (and Vox comes out in the equation) Inform IvanVila_A
NONE	DIRECTORATE Perez de los Cobos says they resorted to scenario B that they had foreseen given the inadequacy, inadequacy of the Mosses. They were not preventing the referendum and, therefore, we had to act.
AGAINST	RT okdiario: PP and C's call for a demonstration on Sunday in Columbus against Sánchez's cesions to separatism
FAVOR	Democracy is defined, among other things, by the election and succession of the heads of state of that country. Historical succession shows that the Kingdom of Spain is by no means a DEMOCRACY state.
AGAINST	Despite the threats of communists, anarchists and separatists who had to call Bilbao to waste because they were 4 cats, we exercised our right of freedom of expression without any problem. Many thanks to all for accompanying us. We areADÑ Eurosceptics2019 We areADÑ
FAVOR	JManimar Spain is a country that produces high quality oranges that allows Europe to approve the import of oranges from South Africa and ruins its own producers.
AGAINST	Montseortizcot3 Someone who had thought, for example, to create some chiringuito for the knowledge of the Catalan Republic in which to place himself, family and friends several the same thing today does not carry lacito.
FAVOR	Wearyeah1 Better an elected deputy than a convicted murderer or a torturer thug also convicted. In the end who are the criminals?
AGAINST	Ilusoaluso Casfetera I_CSC Catalan independence is the largest European populist movement, but to the left it likes, or suits it, and does not place that label. It is pure, absolute populism. What does Catalan republicanism mean? It doesn't mean anything.
AGAINST	PSOE sanchezcastejon I like the Photo of Colon.You and your Etarras Lazys Partners are very ugly and Republicans.SiguemeYTeSigoVOX EspañaViva YoVotoVox VOXAdvanza VotaVOX OutChiringuitosDeGenero EsHoradeVOX VOXSaleaGanar VotarEsDecisiVOX YoNoVoy8M NoHablesEnMiNombre HuelgaFeminista8M
NONE	Good morning. The call for general elections after the independence veto to the Budgets will condition the trial of the trial. Today the accused begin to declare; Junqueras will be the first HappyThursday
NONE	Before the match: PSG is a thousand times better without Neymar, Mbappé better than Neymar After the match (PSG deleted): Neymar trash, Pypoqueiro. THE THANKED HE NEVER PLAYED AND IS THE MOST CRITICAL AND FALSE AFTER THE ELIMINATION.
AGAINST	Do you know what the independenceists have achieved? 2,812 companies left Catalonia in 2018. And so they build their republic, of course.
NONE	Pedro sanchezcastejon shows his capacity for pact in front of the 28A in his first interview after the election announcement: When one party says that it is not going to agree with another, what it does is to have an exclusive vision of our democratic system
AGAINST	RT Robustiano55: This is a laugh! Let him say that the Sixth veto Podemos, is like saying that TV3 vetoes the thugs.
AGAINST	Very, very bad this. In line with what we saw in autumn with memes of Puigdemont or Iceta of cockroach, or the theme of excrement in the courts. Tribal, territorial, dehumanizing.
FAVOR	Inés Arrimadas is passed to Congress. -The initiative is not of it but of a C's national low in surveys -C's renounces to govern Catalonia (always knew)
NONE	Progress in the negotiations between independence and the Government: Sanchez accepts a rapporteur for dialogue to save accounts
AGAINST	Conversation between charges of indepes propaganda: - Uff,Pérez de los Cobos has destroyed us.q do we? -Let's defame him.Let's say what's frank? -It has to be something fatter. -I got it! We got a fake news in some newspaper that we can bribe saying that he was in the
FAVOR	Irene Lozano if "your opinion really doesn't matter", don't give it as representative of the government of Spain and leave us for the height of the betun internationally. By the way, don't lie, calling a referendum without legal basis is not a crime and less voting.
FAVOR	This JUICEPHARSA is slipping more and more and all because of FAIRY! The many Spaniards are not ashamed?
NONE	The Chair of the Bioethics Committee: Regulating Subrogated Pregnancy is a somewhat dignity attack
FAVOR	I'm going to vote for Podemos. I know that you prefer me to abstain from voting and to campaign against Podemos so that he can rule the trifachito and then criticize me for not voting and accuse me of being an accomplice to the fascism that oppresses you. But you can eat my balls.
FAVOR	Nenepilar Santi_ABASCAL ToniParisino That yes, q has been a shit about the mediator, I know, q to the indepes they go the pot, q yes, but there is q to seek solutions, even if we are wrong...
AGAINST	InesArramadas There must be dialogue in Catalonia, but the problem is that the Government of Spain does not call the constitutionalists and only gives in to the separatists who skip the laws L6Narramadas
FAVOR	Thank youInés for reflecting the veiled support that, for the moment, offers the means to the far right of which you will be a part of the Spanish government. The tremendous ignorance that governs this country is confirmed.
FAVOR	We continue with the lie, how much you have been paid for lying, the only ones that you would have to sit on a bench are you, shameless, unpunished, you will not go unpunished, Vergonya FasticInfinit........................................................................................................................
FAVOR	Gerard Piqué remains committed to political prisoners
NONE	Mommy worries marissa55 Marissa's problem is on Facebook. But are they pages of her blogs from Blogger?
FAVOR	riverolavicor sra_danvers Well, it must be recognized that there are a good number of unionists who in life would position themselves in that sense.
FAVOR	RT sedlr_: Human Walls, Inviolable Walls Zombie Walls, Matrix Walls ThisIsTheRealSpain
FAVOR	Prosecutor Zaragoza says about the 1 Oct: There was a legitimate and proportionate use of the police force. And so everything in this farce of trial? JusticeAlaDemocracy JoAccuso Inside video??
FAVOR	Married and Rivera call for a demonstration to demand that VOX disappear from the political scene... Ah, that wasn't that... It's about Bankia... Ah, no, neither... Pensions!!! No, no, neither... Will it be about something important, Sánchez? VERGÜENZA. ThisIsTheRealSpain FemXarxa
AGAINST	Pilar Rahola, on TV3, talks about Catalan millennial history and 300 years of destruction of Catalan constitutional rights. This is the ideological manipulation of separatists, the perversion of history and on public television of all Catalans!
FAVOR	RT Tiofaja_official: It is more honest a fat cry than a lameculos of fascism like you.. You're welcome.
NONE	Once again the pensioners of this country are an example of mobilization and struggle. Today in the streets of Barcelona demanding worthy pensions. pensionazo_no?
FAVOR	Gonzalezpons interiorgob police guardcivil That stupidity, Mr. Puigdemont is a free man in the world. Mediocre politicians like you have accumulated hatred, precisely because you are a mediocre.
FAVOR	They make deaf ears and they will be paid a shot to the foot! This trial has to be held, to expose the Spanish justice. There I leave it! FreedomPressPoliciesIExiliats
NONE	15 minutes in the statement of David Pérez Ibáñez JudiciTV3CatRàdio
AGAINST	The indecent must explain if they want a republic where the law is not enforced, live without democracy, without legality. When they defend the imprisoned politicians they are supporting that thesis.
AGAINST	montsepoblet EliseGaz Because they already have what they wanted, there is nothing more subnormal than a 15-year-old indie.
FAVOR	It's all so irrational in Esp... Esp nationalism could be eaten with potatoes to peripheral nationalisms if it honestly embraces federal and/or democratic means. But it prefers to have a madman who disturbs his system greatly!!
NONE	RT NOTIFALCON: Delcy Rodríguez described the opposition concert on the Venezuelan border as "show"
FAVOR	RT eldiarioes: The CUP criticizes feminism for rich of Arrimadas
AGAINST	KRLS BeatrizTalegon and if those people are in prison for their ideas, badly called politics, could answer the following question: Why aren't all politicians, officials who have the same ideas as prisoners who skipped the laws and the constitution?
FAVOR	Let's see if I understand it: - If the PGEs were approved with the support of the indepes, the Spaniards bounced off with sanchez and voted right; - If they didn't, the Spaniards blamed the indepes and voted right It won't be that the Spaniards vote right xke WANT right?
FAVOR	Today is the 80th anniversary of the death of great poet Antonio Machado. He died because of the consequences of fascism that forced him to cross the Pyrenees in the middle of winter.
FAVOR	I know you've decided everything, but these statements with so much dignity, truths, and leaving all these in evidence, no one will erase them! And it will be seen everywhere! JudiciTV3CatRàdio JudicioProces llibertatpresospolitics
FAVOR	Thank you for participating yesterday in the talk debate with SanValb. We continue to work to spread our just demands, for workers, students and pensioners. PensionsDignified GobiernoQuienGobierno Zaragoza Aragon barrioszgz IPCxLEY ArmourPensions
NONE	And I wish you'd put Cristian as your advocate on the plate, on SV he made it out of 10 and it looks like they take him more seriously, tb I think he likes galeros and all those little things can help.
FAVOR	RT money laundering (0406) RT money laundering (0406) RT money laundering (0406) RT money laundering (0406) RT money laundering (0406) RT money laundering (0406) RT money laundering (0406) RT money laundering (0406) RT money laundering (0406) RT money laundering (0406)
FAVOR	superwomanroja Albert_Rivera The same one who wanted to teach the Andalusians to fish as if they were underdeveloped lies with the words of MHP Torra, very typical of the racist and fascist nationalism of Citizens.
AGAINST	xaviboadavila The CCAA must be suppressed in order to suppress the parasitic caste; a term coined by enricheddiegov and from which Paul Iglesias appropriated. By the way. All nationalism comes from the most extreme right. (A. G. Trevijano) ergo you are the extreme right
FAVOR	VillaClara remembers this February 6th the 150th anniversary of the incorporation of the villagers into the struggles for the independence of Cuba. From Manicaragua place of the rise in the central region We makeCuba We haveMemoria YoVotoYes
FAVOR	I cry listening to Joaquina Bunny.Cobra 0,75 cents for making baby slippers that then sell at 49€. And the administrations, trade unions or politicians do nothing. Spain of the XXI is the Spain of the XIX. Charles Dickens in the middle of 2019 highwayymanta
FAVOR	The pointavui As much criterion as you, able to ignore the non-independence majority A lot of criterion!
AGAINST	Good morning! Do you still not know the CeroCs Zone? Follow us and you will be able to hear the whole truth of what happened during the infamous days of the coup to democracy?
FAVOR	...of their values of justice and democracy (of course their interpretation of them). And he showed himself to be fully aware of what is at stake and of the political importance of this process, beyond his own personal considerations. Along with the declaration..
FAVOR	McVay3 Veri_delValle Such as: Piolines in the second installment of his series, after the success of hosts and croquettes of October 2017 is presented with me peacock and decoration of September 2018 (with little decorum or none, actually) A great image, again for Esp.
FAVOR	Junqueras that proclaimed the Catholic Republic, together with KRLS, now appears at the top of the list in the elections of Spain. It wants to dominate the world!!!.............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
AGAINST	? Many would have to read this article and reflect on their actions, decisions and statements.? We will continue to fight for the socio-occupational rights of all the Civil Guards and demanding the already real Equiparcion without exceptions.
NONE	anapaularenault It is the most watched botanical garden in Brazil!
FAVOR	MariadelMarMen9 paecek pepjose1 IndosIgnacio TyranoBerger Are you aware that it is the only case in the world that a referendum has tried to stop by force? And that there have been several illegal referendums.
AGAINST	? TV3% already goes from chestnut to dark. Now in the program of HelenaGMelero TotesMouTV3 is spotted to the Tabarneses of paramilitaries and Nazis. What else has to happen to the intervention of this propaganda apparatus?
AGAINST	RT CatalanAnalyst: More than 50% prefers a PP-Cs-Vox pact and only 18% that of Sanchez with Podemos and separatists
AGAINST	It is shown that the violent are the Puemites, the Feminists, the Etraras and the Separatists... And paradoxically, they are the ones who pretend daily to give us lessons of freedom and morality.
FAVOR	europapress Fairy Fairy Fairy Fairy Fairy Fairy... that's got to be a weapon of mass destruction and such... if we already know the art of PP in lying judgmentfares freedomprisospolitics
AGAINST	RT UnionGC: The GuardiaCivil unveils how the earth plug that covered Julen was formed
AGAINST	We summon all the Asturians this Saturday, at 12:30 pm, in the Plaza de España de Oviedo, in defense of the indissoluble unity of the Spanish Nation in front of the transfers of the Government of Pedro Sánchez to Catalan independence.
AGAINST	RT PridePatrio3: SanchezEnRTVE A RATA on TV-PSOEMOS Sectarianism Lie Indecency
AGAINST	It is curious about the indepes: those who only have the support of neo-Nazi groups and dictators tell you that democracy in Spain does not exist. Won't it be on the contrary? Worth studying.
FAVOR	I am not an independentist, but I believe freedom and real democracy. Second they are liars and they are doing insults against the citizenry. I was 1O, 5h to vote. There were no walls, no aggression versus authority. The only aggression was by a bunch of bullies with a plate.
NONE	In the Bebianno case, the lie is the least important thing. The essential thing is to know who has pocketed the money of the orange of the PSL. And what the future former minister can reveal about the "poorest campaign in the history of Brazil", in the words of Bolsonaro. The column:
AGAINST	The historical link that unites Spain with Venezuela is inexcusable to lead in Europe the struggle against Maduduro but not Pedro Sánchez prefers to look elsewhere President jguaido all my Support and Admiration
AGAINST	That agreement is only a salary increase, signed by the PP government with PN unions and GC associations and not the already jusapol Equiparcion. That's why ILPJusapol voted in favour of PPopular PSOE Cs now we can, to do justice.
AGAINST	Murder of truckers carrying humanitarian aid to Venezuela, release of prisoners murderers, rapists, robbers, to pry the people, this is the communism that supports Podemos since Galapagar.
FAVOR	The New Catalan Constitution: any political party will be allowed as long as its electoral programme does not go against the existence of Catalonia as a State or against this Constitution. That applied to the Spanish Constitution would mean banning the independenceist parties.
FAVOR	RT Dumacbcn: cones, fairy, paper airplanes... hell of a rebellion.
AGAINST	Thanks to all who participate in FollowYTeSigoVOX 1. Make RT 2. Follow those who retweet 3. Follow those who follow you! 4. Write a new tweet with the hashtag FollowYTeSigoVOX By Spain SpainViva
AGAINST	What Torra's biography reveals is that an independentist with supremacist inlays can exercise his proselytism in peace and can even preside over the Generalitat and from there promise republics and declare himself vicar of a flight from justice
FAVOR	Peter, I think you forget Puigdemont's lawyer, Gonzalo Boye, and Josep María Matamala (Alias Jami), friend, confidant and Girona.
NONE	The challenge of mipymes in Latin America and the Caribbean
FAVOR	LAST HOUR: They reveal the true identity of Sabi Estrubel. Photo of the moment when Estrubel sent the email to Jordi Sànchez. JudgesDeLaVergonya TrialFarsa JudiciTV3CatRadio
FAVOR	After the names of the people who have worked in the UVIGs, will Vox ask for the names of those who attended to abused women in Emergencies or Consultations? And that of the workers and social workers of municipalities and disputations?
AGAINST	Quim Torra is not allowed to enter the European Parliament They represent the independenceists what no country wants for itself, the rest of us Spaniards are neither similar to them They are the ballast of any democratic country LaSilenciosaCat
FAVOR	Tachinnnnn!!!! You will no longer be able to make progress and ask for 155. PSOE played. The Tribagos sunk.
FAVOR	worldcitizen899 ChemaCorbacho mmorenov67 SalvaTolito J_Zaragoza_ There is no such majority because the PP, Cs or PSOE "democrats" are not interested in solving the problem. They live on it. Do you speak on behalf of the whole Spanish people? Fear of 55% coming out in Catalonia? Spain demanded a referendum to the United Kingdom in Gibraltar, resulting in 99%...
AGAINST	JuanPoz9 For I hope that I do not continue in that institute and have better working conditions I understand it perfectly, but it saddens me to see and hear this sort of thing, at this point I had never even imagined it I am of 66 and I already started to live in democracy
AGAINST	And they say I had to jump to 40 and it's easy to see if the kinship of the indepe who proposes it is able to do so.
FAVOR	??? There is a PSOE without direction, without clear ideas. They do not realize that with these measures, every year we will have a referendum in CAT and soon in the Basque country. If Spanish people in good faith, they come to vote for Sánchez, our black destiny, it will be beginning to write.
AGAINST	? Enlargement Jordi Turull: The state government used and abused its prerogative to challenge the agreements of Parliament TrialProces
AGAINST	OrnioLM JimyDrezz Berengario007 erikwill ZfMery For that, act evolved and do not impose your ideology as in the middle age. Change the constitution by the democratic way.
NONE	In the impossibility of continuing to hide the petist robbery, the great entire media focused only on the phenomenon of financial corruption itself, hiding as far as possible the link between this phenomenon, the São Paulo Forum and international communism.
NONE	PEOPLE ARE SELLING PERSONALIZED CAPINHAS TO CELL, WHO'S INTERESTED IN THE DM!
AGAINST	Jajajajaja! Junquera understands Maduro-style democracy. If I don't like Parliament I close it and I also put the ballot boxes when I say it and where I want it. He!
NONE	I ask you to think in October?This is Garabois militante K marching in support of Maduro?This is the one who claims to be repressed in every march for claims?This one says Macri is the dictatorship?Defends Maduro??Garabois = Cristina =Maduro
NONE	RT Monyketaaa: Sofia is required more q from the other contestants of the house And it is not measured with the same measuring rod It is not fair GH...
AGAINST	RT Tabarnesirrita1: joseprull jcuixart jordialapreso Claro, because in Madrid they treat you as normal prisoners, which is what should have been...
AGAINST	catana3el salvadostv jordievole The problem of indoctrination does not lie in citizenship but in the totalitarianism of institutions. School only in Catalan - without respecting schedules of the country language and forced by the constitution. Steladas, partisan propaganda, in parks etc.. Indoctrination.
FAVOR	Xavier Ten disassembled Fascism Ñol in the Diario_16 and it is to be thanked to both of them for their publication. In a country, where it has become common to portray Catalans as "supremacists" to build a dehumanization of 7.5 M. of people, APPLAUSE TO DIFFERENT VOICES. 2
FAVOR	?Emergency notice for PP, C's and V?X: -Article 1 of the Constitution??: "National sovereignty resides in the Spanish people " - Most of the??s want the Catalan conflict to be resolved with dialogue and not with 155.
AGAINST	josepalay aleixsarri JASRA1 SRE_mx gobmx GovernmentMX EmbaMexEsp In Catalonia, Spain we know that you are very clear and consistent with "non-interventionism", the Mexican "Estrada" doctrine. As Juárez said: "respect for the right of others is peace".The Catalans ask you to adhere to the law and democracy.
FAVOR	2. Who would have formed the "Government of national concentration" according to the coup plan? The list of 19 is full of illustrious names: -Felipe González -Fraga -Peces Barba -Pio Cabanillas -Solana -Ansón -Sáenz de Santamaría -Garrigues Walker...
NONE	Ain, it's persecution. In this I agree, it's up to justice to pursue bandits and in the case of Lula justice was very good, it's already two convictions. LulaLivre2043
AGAINST	Sileno2 MuseoCotonou It seems logical to me. In democracy, the opposite of an opinion is another opinion. As you want and can (legal). Remove what you don't like or silence the person has another name: censor.
NONE	No matter how much you refuse to accept it (independence), the future is not (only) played in your field. Many of us continue to wonder what makes a certain left side to independence (our right, yes).
AGAINST	The director of El Mundo breaks live to Rufian with a class of democracy via ESdiario_com
FAVOR	C's is going to present Manuel Valls as a warm-up for Barcelona, because if, because he knows the city well, the needs of the people, the concerns of the people, the way of being of Barcelona, so many years living here has earned him to pulse.. as Inés Arrimadas we go Tactica C's
AGAINST	Scandalous. The companies that fled, the broken families and the violation of our rights were not a mockery. PP and PSOE have been selling us to nationalism for years. The 28A must not only kick Sánchez out but open a new stage and leave behind the cake of bipartisanism
FAVOR	The Homeland is the electoral program of those who don't have a program... People are the Flag of the real patriots...
FAVOR	RT julsarda: In the tears while listening to the Oriol Junqueras We are good people, I am father. JudiciTV3CatRadio
AGAINST	bcn_bleach Conyo: Puigdemont according to Millo: 'The statement was not symbolic fous' Of course it wasn't. Now they say it was symbolic, because they want to escape as it is from Justice.
AGAINST	Newton's third law: if an object A exerts a force over an object B, then the object B must exert a force of equal magnitude in the opposite direction over the object A. Do you get it? If you impose independence with violence? Well, autonomy is suspended with violence.
FAVOR	The US occupies the twelfth position in oil reserves and imports 40% of the crude oil it consumes but says Marhuenda that oil is not the reason because they have plenty. Trump's is pure love for democracy. L6Nvenezuela
NONE	RT DCM_online: Bebianno has "bombs" capable of destroying Bolsonaro's government
FAVOR	Tic Tac Without confidence, there is no coexistence. Without coexistence, there is no freedom. Without freedom, there is only oppression. A state, whose weapon is oppression, is totalitarian. FreeThemAll Republic
AGAINST	Hermanntertsch This cause is national, of the most important. It is the true historical memory. That is why the separatists have kidnapped it from the hand of the PSOE.
AGAINST	oriolguellipuig with a slight difference: [that I know] no one tries to make an express mockery of an independenceist symbol...
NONE	The current US representative in Canada will replace Nikki Halley, who resigned in October after several disagreements with the Republican
AGAINST	In addition to the concentration of Madrid in Colón, there are already convoked for this Sunday 10 February concentrations in defense of Spain in Barcelona, La Coruña and Oviedo. More information about hours and places in this entry. YoVoy SánchezDimission
FAVOR	The failure of the disposition of Pérez de los Cobos: the civil guard will not get out of the script that rehearses and repeats since the same October 1 in the afternoon, when he was aware of the failure of the police operation
AGAINST	For now it is only up to him to apologize for failing against the 8th commandment: You will not tell false testimonies or lie.The Republic does not exist idiot!!! HappySunday
FAVOR	SiseNoticeYou can make policies in favor of people, the vulture funds stayed with thousands of floors of banks and boxes to speculate after and above having rescued them with our money!!IVotoUnidaswe can start from 28A.
AGAINST	RT cayetanaAT: Carmen Calvo has just said that in Spain there is a "cry in favor of dialogue" with the couptists.
AGAINST	TereMasot chattered_ PPopular Democracy, freedom. No to the nationalist oligarchy that wants to end our democracy and our freedoms. No to the nationalist oligarchy excluding single thought that does not admit dissidents. Democracy Freedom
NONE	RT aalbaperez: The 5 problems of innovation managers that no one wants to solve
FAVOR	This JudiciProces is the most important self-gol in the recent history of Spain, they have even changed to Junqueras site to make it more comfortable, the SER recognizes the disaster, the king comes to safeguard that Titanic.
AGAINST	nuriadgc Yesterday four retirees and five university students of whom you can afford your university fees and still make bells took a walk through the Diagonal, the Great Way, et al. Nuria, don't hurt yourself any more: even the indecent workers are sick of the charade
NONE	RT Venezuelan enpie: Maduro ordered to burn the trucks with food and medicine for the people of Venezuela Miserable
NONE	MY LITTLE STRENGTH. THE NATION'S BLACK ROUNDING TOO MUCH FOR YOUR RECOVERY. WE LOVE YOU VERY.
AGAINST	Iván Espinosa de VOX is interviewed on Miami TV in the U.S.A. SpainLong live elections2019votoright VOXSaleaWin Elections28April
AGAINST	Good morning. It's running or another bubble on Vox that they want to remove the 061 in Andalucia. The helicopter of 061 took it away from the PSOEA and now this is the real news. A LOT OF BULOS AGAINST VOX!..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
AGAINST	.sanchezzastejon if all the offer you have for Catalonia is that we make another reference to decide a new Statut d'Autonomia I would say you didn't understand anything about Catalonia and you won't live too long in Moncloa! My modest opinion ehhh.
AGAINST	Raquel_conQ Joan Tarda No, who was wrong, meant politicians imprisoned for breaking the laws.
AGAINST	Presentation in BCN of the localist book the "Liberal Contract". Garicano points out the Brexit, Trump, and Catalan independence, as symptoms of the decline of liberalism against national populism. proposes a response from the "positive emotions"
AGAINST	Don Santiago, let the communists, socialists and separatists forbid Vox an act, that millions of Spaniards take note of their trophies and complicitys.
AGAINST	Ione Belarus No3 of United We can We are the only party that defends the working class. To those below. And says it a woman who charges more than 100,000€/year. YOU are HYPOCRITES. ObjectiveElections
AGAINST	RT abc_es: Pedro Sánchez to the moderates of Catalan nationalism
AGAINST	Elenacardona222 superwomanroja sanchezcastejon Call me illusory. But I think merkel spoke with the psoe to give free way to sanchez for president in exchange for the referendum. Another thing is as it will with the public opinion against. And in that we are
FAVOR	According to Millo force provided to the mixing referendum, non referendum, legality and illegality. There was the need to use force
FAVOR	JudiciTV3CatRàdio ProcesoProcesaARV Difference: The Ministry reads your questions (not believed) The accused does not read your answers (believed)
AGAINST	AlexAco90918687 gabrielrufian ESdiario_com That continues to fatten, now there will be a new kind of politicians, reception politicians, hala, keep eating that it's all you're worth, this is your year.
FAVOR	INTOXICATION OF THE COMMUNICATION MEDIA: Spanish journalist used statistical data from Spain to collect opinions from the people of the city of Granada on the situation of Venezuela. They know more about Venezuela than about Europe. UN_rights Pontifex_es taniapsuv FBuenAbad
AGAINST	The registration of little Nicholas, is the clearest sign of independence (politics), a group of mediocre disturbed joAccuso
NONE	While they think that only schools educate and that other factors alone will make the country grow, Brazil will not evolve as we would like. opropriolavo has been explaining this phenomenon for years and its students have been leaving a legacy. Brazil has a way.
FAVOR	This is the ideology of discrimination and exclusion of those who claim to love their homeland. To love a homeland is to care for and respect their people. With those who do not respect and accept diversity has agreed their party to govern, JavierMoroto. LaPatriaSonPeople
AGAINST	??Cataluña is from the separatists and does not cough them.?This we denounce is very serious.??We continue to work tirelessly to stop this happening.
AGAINST	Johnsencat You can apply all those points to the friends of the Catalan terrorists and convicted Nazis accused by thumpers. They or you can explain whether they margin the error on your Francoist blood, murders or coups d'état. Tortures or we don't talk...
FAVOR	TONO_VSO The real fascists are those who want to make lists with the workers against gender violence and.......Up if they are the partners of Citizens in Andalusia. In relation to the uncultivated, illiterate, etc., I do not give my opinion pq then say that the indepes we are supremacists
FAVOR	WHY did no PIOLIN ask for the BAJA?? BECAUSE THEY ARE MUCH PATRIOTAS.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................. 
AGAINST	Is it wrong for anyone who defends independence to realize that it is a lie and to deviate because others also see it? I wish they would join more like Lorena Roldán.
FAVOR	The Ombudsman takes to the Constitutional the Law on Data Protection that allows electoral spam. First objective achieved, let's go for the following: that political parties pay for their excesses. NoConMisData
FAVOR	The monarchy is an intensive labour industry. The Spaniards are not willing to work to maintain the crown. We want a referendum We demand Republic
AGAINST	Trade asks the MADRID ALCALDESS to take action against the illegal sale If this continues like this, we will have to close and go to unemployment. This is what unemployment communism seeks, hunger and misery and overthrow the economy elections2019votoright
NONE	With a total of 1,123 crimes, the state of Miranda led crime incidence statistics in Venezuela
NONE	"It is very difficult to trust that which does not solve your problems, but what is serious is that the alternative seems to be a modern configuration of the law of the jungle." Luis García Montero's necessary and wise light (lgm_com).
AGAINST	Galapago555_ Rredhaired They are subtle like baseball bats xD. The other day talking about Erasmus with a photo of Puigdemont.
FAVOR	This is the body of the elite. Giving blows and beatings are the first, that yes, don't make them use their intellect. ThisIsTheRealSpain
NONE	RT Private Detective: DO NOT DIVIDE! VAMOOOS BE FORARODRIGO BBB19
AGAINST	Arturelpayaso2 I don't like to be loaned to all the whims of these thugs.
FAVOR	It scares this green tone of Arrimadas and the sobriety of the costume in his presentation of the so-called Liberal Feminism and those of the woman of the Colonel of the Tale of the Creada. Of the women of the crowns. In pure marketing, nothing is casual.
NONE	Many loving relationships are based on an idea that leads them to suffering
FAVOR	The New Anti-Catalan PSICETA. q has been angry that Catalans have not submitted or sold or seduced by privileges earned on the basis of servility, we have not supported their budgets and we do not want promises and if concrete facts of the PSOE of 155
AGAINST	The harassment of Internal Affairs of the Mossos to a lucid mosso who recognized the obvious, that the Catalan Republic does not exist, will have his answer in the elections...
AGAINST	To the 2nd Lie: It is a lie that the independenceists do not qualify as good or bad Catalan according to your origins. It would be enough to see the periorative sense that give the carnego t?mino used many times as an insult. It is enough to hear speeches by Jordi Pujol, or by Carme Forcadell
AGAINST	PSOE abalosmeco ¡¡ Holi!!?? In Spain the Sanchismo del PSOE pacta with the ultra nationalist separatists?? In Spain the Sanchismo pacta with the right to penalize abortion, to cover its corrupt PPSOE???
AGAINST	RTlarepnoexistent: 28April Which party will grow more or more seats this time??? Comment what you think..?
FAVOR	_anapastor_ From this to propose to shoot Catalans by thumpers and rapists there are two steps.. not many more! Either Spain changes or its fascist drift will pay it for centuries. They will awaken a monster that will eat everything. And I hear very few stopping this. Global Spain of the PSOE, the Democrats?
NONE	The president of the government accuses the independenceists of "living better with a government of the PP" merinooooo
AGAINST	Jordi Turull Catalonia The cleaning services of the Supreme Court will not disinfect the soil when the beatings go back to prison, they are not fascists like those of Amer in Girona
AGAINST	Very clear, the Catalan actor J.M Pou: -The independence leaders have deceived and lied to many citizens - They have made me feel a bad Catalan for not agreeing with the process - They have created a climate of confrontation and two teams: they and the bad ones
FAVOR	Lenin's Speech (1917): As long as there is domination of capital, as long as the land remains private property, the state will always rule, even in the most democratic and freer republic... If you are a comrade, spread.?????? Lenin WorkingclassPower
NONE	"You've lost weight," Maduro says to me; "I wish I could tell you the same thing," I answer.
FAVOR	Perhaps some day politicians understand that above all the Spaniards and any human being, they care more about feeding their children, that they have studies to be able to face the future with guarantees and that they care when they are sick, than any pamphlet.
FAVOR	RT marianofake: Inés Arrimadas goes to Waterloo to make a splash. It's the new policy.
AGAINST	Duràn i Lleida: "The process is the result of a collective failure" "I believe that the worse, the worse" "Sentimentalism has replaced the Puigdemont reason is not a political exile, it is a flight from justice
NONE	Ain, but children saw the video on Twitter and mimimi 1) Twitter IT IS NOT for children 2) It is the parents' duty to supervise what the children access And more: This happens in Brazil RUAS NAS, in front of children! AND NEVER VI left-handed outraged with it! BolsonaroTemReason
FAVOR	The Constitutional Court admits the application for amparo against the suspension of the vote of Puigdemont via daily_16
FAVOR	RT trihydrate: That InesArrimadas is going to live in Madrid, is another success of Independence. judicifarsa
NONE	Had to at least consider???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
AGAINST	RT Dtorrejonm: The National / Vertical Union supported by Puigdemont. All in order
FAVOR	Chavez embodied Venezuela's desire for freedom and set out to lift up an unspeakable continent and take it to the path of its second independence ChavezVive
NONE	Follow the BBCBrasil live from London and Stockholm on the'mordomy' of Swedish politicians. A spoiler: they cannot raise their own salary, have no parliamentary immunity and divide the laundry. Send your questions.
FAVOR	The IBEX already has what it was looking for and is subjecting us to more precariousness with these corrupt plots that are to guard and protect the interests of thieves. On April 28th there is to do the right thing LaPatriaSonPeople and vote for United We Can?
AGAINST	JaviSantamarta InesFloored jordi_canyas GuillermoDiazCs PPCatalunya ldpsinChanihenare complexes DolcaCatalunya CCivicaCatalana mejorzasca We should start thinking in Spain, the need to have politicians with studies in political sciences and something else. Pq but, we have this strain of illiterates and hippies progress, which does not know how to make the O with a canut.
NONE	Tim Kaine, Senator for Virginia and former vice president candidate with Hillary Clinton: My office has been in contact with the State Department regarding the arrest of Cody Weddle, from Virginia and a journalist. The Venezuelan regime must release him immediately.
AGAINST	Now we are collecting the harvest of the ideological sowing that Zapatero made during his infamous government. At the point of collapse as a country, with chiringuitos everywhere, proetarras and chavistas in institutions and coups who continue to mock the laws. Follow meYTeSigoVOX
FAVOR	DIRECTOR... Núria Llorach has the right not to testify because it is imputed to the Court 113 of Barcelona.
NONE	- When I hear Bach, Beethoven and Brahms - black white, meddling, elitist, who he thinks he is. - If I post that I short MC Carol, Emicida, Marcelo D2 - empowered, conscious, is knots. The left hates black who doesn't know what his place is, the place she reserved for him.
AGAINST	Now it turns out Rajoy wanted to make a deal with the inadequate politicians. Did he get away with it? Of course not. Sánchez also wanted to make a deal. Did he get it? Noooo. Will they learn the lesson in Madrid?
AGAINST	1??: 2nd meeting in Moncloa in 4 days. 2??: He is in Moncloa by pacting with the independence parties. To clarify. And by treating the Spaniards with respect.
FAVOR	ExpositoOrteg pablocasado_ PPopular Albert_Rivera CiudadanosCs Santi_ABASCAL v And M. RAJOY has put Catalans in jail who wanted to make a referendum... We have to be very HGP
FAVOR	abc_es All this is populism. There are millions of more important issues that affect citizens more than a rapporteur. If this is the level, fear gives me when they rule. We will be robbed while applying 155 and incarcerated Catalans to divert attention.
FAVOR	RT sedlr_: So it's not now? And what do 9 people do in prison and exiles?Why are they judging them?
AGAINST	geographosubjecti This... you'll be surprised by this, but you can still vote for Inés Arrimadas from Catalonia
FAVOR	JoanTarda epertinez jugqueras Esquerra_ERC Junqueras: 80% of Catalans are in favour of holding an agreed referendum on independence. Believing an undisputed majority, the referendum that now seems impossible will be inevitable. COM, 80% IS NOT A BETTER INDISCUTABLE FOR ERC??? Who understood you...
AGAINST	Follow meYTeSigoVOX Join me! Many thanks to all who participate in Follow meYTeSigoVOX 1. Make hashtag RT 2. Follow those who retweet 3. Follow those who follow you! 4. Write a new tweet Follow meYTeSigoVOX
NONE	If Bolsonaro didn't show the video the press wouldn't show. This happens many years ago and nothing has ever been done, children see this kind of thing live in various places.
AGAINST	The G-Star Raw textile and 32 other companies are leaving Catalonia. The company moves its head office from Barcelona to Madrid. But you continue to vote for the independenceists and Colau.
AGAINST	_Chule_74 Ambiconstructiv QuimTorraiPla Ya. The one who had in his hands the key to the prison and was not able to open the doors to the prisoners. The "great hero" who believes that crying which complaining is an act of extreme value. The bald orc half thawed that confuses shit with ideas. That.
NONE	RT CauaSilvaa: what a fucking voice, the world needs to know the talent of this mlk!
NONE	I have risen today feeling a citizen of the Roman Empire. I demand to be able to self-determine as a Roman citizen immediately by referendum in which I can vote only myself. Self-determine is not a crime, Fascist Spanish State.
FAVOR	RT JanMartinez_: jcanadellb Poor Inesssss (InesArrimadas), five disgusts that women...
FAVOR	Pedro Sánchez has not won an election and rules with separatism The argument that is diluted when the PP does not win the election but can rule with the ultra-right
AGAINST	xriusenotices I agree, if separatist politicians continue to lie as they lie, using the yellow masses and their fold, the chrispation, the frustration will increase in them.When the non-independentists we get tired of maintaining coexistence and fall to their level, the problems will come
AGAINST	Subsidized with us taxes, and the tougher face than Carrara marble. Take them to your homes!!. election2019votorights. NGOs criticize the return of pateras to Morocco
NONE	USURPADOR Nicolas Maduro declares in the barracks of the mountain that the President (e) of the Republic of Venezuela does not stop the ball and then calls for a march the same day he summoned her. Good thing she is not stopping the ball.
FAVOR	DolorsMM PPopular LasMananas_rne FREEDOM OF PEOPLES TO DECIDE. YOU ARE PEOPLE'S TITERS, YOU ARE NOT ANYTHING. Never Chantage Betrayal Unit Consent Be the cancer of society. Shame on your existence... freedompolitical freedompolitical freedompolitical freedompolitical freedom
NONE	- Mom, can I go to the yard? - Dad, can I go out with my friends? - Did you talk to your mom? - So you can. Hours later: - Liar, your mom didn't authorize anything. - I'm not a liar!
FAVOR	RT jballean: The trial of the independenceists, in its first session, has been an extraordinary lesson in law. (Open thread)
FAVOR	Joan Maragall, historian and deputy, yesterday asked Minister Marlaska about the arrests of the mayors of Verges and Celrà a month ago. Arrests without court order, by hooded agents and without identification. ThisIsTheRealSpain CauseGeneral
NONE	He's a long way from being the team's problem.
NONE	One thing is to deny, the other is to delegitimize based on the argument that "it's freshness"
AGAINST	This happens when nationalism wins: Deleted by nationalism in Slovenia (Revis... STOPSánchez10F
AGAINST	It is a mistake the movement of Arrimadas. And the explanation it has given makes no sense. Puigdemont picks up the Glove of Arrimadas and shows himself willing to receive it in Waterloo
FAVOR	FincaSantaMarga No idea. pisar_rachola opened a thread to spread. Regardless of Diego's ideology it can't be that there are people who are trying to drop the bill and that Twitter doesn't fix it.
FAVOR	DIRECT... Then you will declare to Ferran Burriel, Director Nothingad Communication Trial
AGAINST	VIDEO: That's how Little Nicholas justifies his 'independence' conversion.
AGAINST	Division? 155 distance to Citizens of Catalan Civil Society
FAVOR	I am_tabarnes d_rusc antifeudalist GlaurungM Xibalba76 To whom I owe something is to Catalonia.I have always been well received and respected.Never put up with it for not speaking Catalan, as you invent and defaminate in your cave.I learned your language which I write and I feel very comfortable.I yearn for independence and freedom.SpainIsAFascistState
NONE	RT bylagoma: This speech by President Trump and everything that happened this afternoon in Miami has been too important
AGAINST	It's enough to indoctrinate other children by talking to them about political prisoners, and less when there are coups. It's good to bend your head. Bravo for that family who dared to say that the king is naked. AgencyAtlas DolcaCatalunya agencyefe elCatalan_es
FAVOR	Spanish public enterprise accused of paying bribes to sell arms to the Saudi dictatorship. The National Audience will sit on the bench to fat fish of the public arms company Defex.
FAVOR	RT LlunaCatalana3: Drugging and raping a woman in a group is not rape. Make a reference yes.
FAVOR	The rules of the game for the press: Begoña Villacis hid a heritage society of 2 million € and it is not news and the return of Pablo_Iglesias_ have turned it into: -But have you seen the cartel?
AGAINST	? Albert_Rivera The time has come to give the institutional battle, which we will give it, but also to give the civic battle. Is it a civic duty to mobilize at this time in defense of our Constitution? STOPScanchez10F
AGAINST	RT JupolNational:?Magnificent work of our colleagues??The importance of citizen collaboration EquiparacionAlready
NONE	RT CaricaturasVe: State of the mind Venezuela Caricatura de edoilustrado
AGAINST	98% of what you see, some fucking kids. They are noticed that they have suffered in their flesh fascism and repression. I am dismayed at the so much savageism of the Spanish state.
AGAINST	Spanish organizations that have recognized their public utility: 1) Omnium Cultural, the coups 2) Bildu Foundation, Iratzar 3) Morín Foundation, convicted abortionist 4) FELGTB 5) The asoc of sex workers Instead, the PSOE took it from the dissidents of Hazteoir
AGAINST	doom_and_gloom4 This is not the case, because just as in Spain the constitution does not allow any separatist activity, yet in democracies the state does not control contracts between companies or companies with administrative departments.
AGAINST	Bernat_Doria Paco_Glez_ What I would like to know is the parents of this Catalan illiterate panda Cataluñabluff Cataluñapaleta. Late Catalonia needs a Marshall Plan within the framework of a 155
NONE	In the first text, which will be published on Thursday 7, Nina da Hora summarizes her trajectory as a black woman, peripheral and anti-racist hacker. Read more:
NONE	I'm sure you often need wifi and you don't have access to it because with WifiAway you won't have that problem anymore.
FAVOR	The EU avoids discussing human rights and democracy in detail with the Arab League while increasing its pressure on Maduro via the daily newspapers
AGAINST	RT pepeonet: GuerraEnSalvados "The Catalonia is a coup d'état. The appeasement with independence doesn't work"
AGAINST	VictorTabarnia CristinaSegui_ Cs Catalonia's new leader in an independence demonstration 2013...
FAVOR	PP and PSOE bury the parliamentary investigation of the Masters of Casado, Cifuentes and Montón There is still a last chance to be able to question the 3 politicians if they approve an extraordinary session that has requested Podemos FelizMartes
NONE	There are four bridges linking the border between Venezuela and Colombia. The Venezuelan government of Nicolás Maduro has closed three of them.
FAVOR	PSOE nobape NoATot (not at all), until you condemn and fight against the Francoism established (enquisted) in Spain, from politicians, through prosecutors, the media....
NONE	Before Valentine's Day... There are things we prefer not to see so we don't regret for it: hunger in the world, social injustices, abuse of power... Whatever the case, the truth is that "eyes that don't see, heart that don't feel" DEJAVU in Venezuela Let's GoWell??
FAVOR	the best of the delicacy of the Spanish houseA, with these if they count the thugs of TV3
FAVOR	I work in a residential resource of care for women victims of gender violence in the Community of Madrid. My commitment against the scourge of macho terrorism passes the labor. You are scum. Laura Moreno AimMyNameVox
AGAINST	? Lroldansu We played a lot in these elections. We have the opportunity to send Sánchez to the opposition and that Spain is in the hands of the Spaniards, not of separatism. We are more those who want to talk about union and future and not division and past ObjectiveElections
AGAINST	? This Monday from 12:00, Ortega_Smith will be in EspejoPublico to analyze the first week of the trial against the coup and the electoral advance. Don't miss it!
FAVOR	Fis: Unlike the 9N, you don't know that several cars were issued saying that the referendum had to be prevented? Turull: The car you tell me should read it whole. To whom does the diligence send? Prosecutor: To the bodies and security forces of the state. Turull: Ah.
FAVOR	First day of electoral campaign in Andalucia. Inés Arrimadas rally talking about the susial meeting in Andalucia because of the Andalusian independence of altamiranoMLG Images of voters of C's trying to touch the feet of Arrimadas
NONE	The economic resources (d Cat) had been controlled for months by the FLA. The Voting Processes Act had a departure before the referendum was called but never spent money on it. In fact, no public funds were allocated as Montoro and Rajoy recognized.
FAVOR	RT Amural77: AltesaAmils helixx85 My opinion about NOT voting. That attitude is the ENDROTA of independence and democracy.
AGAINST	?sanchezzastejon en telediario_tve: The 28A has to serve to unite the Spaniards, take the policy out of the chrispation and return it to the field of the useful. If you missed the interview tonight, we tell you everything on our web?
AGAINST	RT Bernat_Doria: Once again, the largest elements of planet earth supporting Catalan independenceists.
NONE	Trudeau's star crumbles over a corruption case
AGAINST	I amResistanceE Santi_ABASCAL PPopular CitizensCs vox_es Demonstration Permits in all the Provincial Capitals and in all the Peoples All to the Street Sunday at noon Out Traitors and Beaters of Institutional Charges and Public Jobs. SanchezDimission ElectionsGeneralYa.vox_es.psoe.PPopular.CitizensCs.
AGAINST	OrnioLM JimyDrezz Berengario007 erikwill ZfMery And in ERC there are nationalists (who would never vote to leave Spain) and separatists, and what? It's very simple, only totalitarians go in block and you are 47%.
NONE	Government Dilma had earmarked 75% of the oil royalties for education. With the coup and the surrender of our wealth, we are faced with a government that criminalizes teachers and students and says that Brazil spends too much with education.
AGAINST	And they always have the political commissioners reporting X if anyone misses a word in Spanish. And it turns out that now is when we live in freedom: and shit.
AGAINST	I don't need to hear Maduro to know how Venezuela is. I was in Cumaná a year ago and I saw him. I have close people in Caracas. Millions who leave their country are not for pleasure. Murders are not manipulation. Political prisoners are not invented.
AGAINST	Sanchez is willing to do anything for holding a few more months in power. The time for civil society has come. This Sunday we will go out to defend:?? Our Constitution?? Equality, freedom and union?? ElectionsWe are waiting for you! STOPSEnjoy10F
AGAINST	What if instead of RiveraRemove MeThis we join x what matters? HappySunday
AGAINST	Arrive in Moncloa with the votes of the independenceists. Pay your rent by organizing a bilateral summit lie and a mediation as if Catalonia were not Spain. How long will Sánchez go on laughing at the Spaniards? STOPSánchez10F
AGAINST	Those who protest because vox wants to know who works in gender units for the sole purpose of knowing their qualification, you no longer remember Paqui Granados, right?? election2019votorightchas fuerachiringuitosdegenero
AGAINST	jaumecollboni Collboni (socialists_cat) asks Ada Colau to prohibit the act of vox_es in the Palau Sant Jordi (Barcelona) From what PSC negotiates with thumpers, heirs of the terrorists and advisers of Venezuela... does not accept those who defend the Law
AGAINST	RT pop-up: When the vote on the disconnection, Rajoy wanted to apply the 155 and the PSOE opposed slamananadeFJL
NONE	VIDEO Irene Lozano, Secretary of State of Spain Global, compares the independence referendum with a procedural violation
FAVOR	The situation of prisoners is caught up in a debate of the French National Assembly
FAVOR	Viewed with the establishment and given that: A. CAT is a land of great cooks. B. The establishment is unable to understand the basics. It imposes the need to choose with MHPresident a cook or cook. To make a tortilla you have to break the eggs RepublicCatalan
AGAINST	Rlouzad raulromeva It is not true because the contexts are not the same. In Kosovo there was a majority of separatists and above there was war and death (as your people wanted, but did not happen), stop manipulating.
FAVOR	MinstDeLaTrudad EthraWind tjparfitt The most lasting consensus is already lasting too long Jajajajajajajaja! So to think of another constitution that represents everyone because unless you react to Paquito let's not stop fighting (with carnations) it will not be that I get the trullo.
FAVOR	Before the general budgets agreed with the social partners, there is the defense of the freedom and democracy of an entire people who have been warning of what they were suffering with fascism for over a year. If you don't understand that, it's that you don't have dignity or shit.
AGAINST	In the end, you realize that everyone on TV3 is cut by the same pattern. But you get a doubt: did they race for professional or political merits?
NONE	Trump has employed undocumented people in his businesses, say Democrats
AGAINST	VOX asks for life imprisonment for Mr. de Lleida, EXAMPLE, so clear, if he is guilty he is asked to pay and point, not like others who would give them as mayor. Follow meYTeSigoVOX 2019votorights
AGAINST	Albert_Rivera InesArrimadas is today the best woman in Spanish politics, the most prepared and the bravest. It is lucky to count on her for the General Elections: let's go for all, we want to rule Spain Thank youInés
FAVOR	That you're not independenceist AlbanoDante76? You're absolutely independenceist because you're independent. I'm not saying my song but who's going with me.
FAVOR	Kiosko diaries That's because he doesn't live in Spain if he doesn't see or stay in exile, or if they put him back in jail! This is democracy, gentlemen!
FAVOR	Lluisgibert Another submission to the Spanish State.....This union did hurt.....We only have the Cup if they were still in time. What a shame, walk by the prisoners yes, but together by The Indian Republic NO, that we could accelerate the process.
NONE	RT OlavoOppressor: The media, in Brazil, does not record the facts: it plans and produces them.
FAVOR	What a pity of GOVERNMENT DELEGATE ex CIU who only knows how to dialogue and not apply 155...
AGAINST	FreedomR pillarcarracelas It will be vague, imprecise, and without medical or legal diagnosis. But that damage exists. I encourage you to discover it. Stop worrying about those prisoners (who knew what they cared about), and start thinking about the scars created between Catalans. Nor look guilty. Seek the damage.
FAVOR	News continues on the dirty rags of begonavillacis. Unfortunately, the silence of the same media that spoke for weeks of the chalet of Iglesias and Montero, remains ardent. Thank youInés
FAVOR	Data analyst Joe Brew explained this Saturday why the leader of Citizens, Inés Arrimadas, will go to Waterloo
AGAINST	I don't know why you're so shocked to clean up responsibilities for all those who have actively participated in an ESTAFA. What are you afraid of?
NONE	Time to send the biggest bums in Brazil to work Artists Rouaneteiros Journalists legal person And sympathizers BolsonaroTemRazão
NONE	Democratic Congresswoman Defends Legalization of This Substance
FAVOR	quimforn.quimforn: If there was any bad performance it was that of the Civil Guard and that of the Spanish police. If there were clashes between security forces were minority Can you follow the Trial Live trial through this link?
AGAINST	Mazzingguerzett1 gave me so much grief and shame in ethical and moral values that they teach independent parents and teachers to young people, that I wrote this story, in case you are interested in reading it to someone, criticizing Catalan nationalism again, how disgusting of ideology, this video demonstrates what it is.
FAVOR	sergi_pages GolpistaArtista petita_80 That by the way, my struggle does not focus on CONTRA of Spanish parties. My struggle is going to consummate the Catalan republic. Perhaps that is the difference that I have with the processists, that they seek any excuse not to do what they should do.
AGAINST	I'M GOING TO GO TO OUR VOICES WE'RE GOING TO GO TO YOUR VOICES THEY'RE ALL GOING TO MANIFEST US ON THE 6th AT 12:00 AM IN MADRID FOR THE SALARIAL EQUIPMENT..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 
FAVOR	Start SavedMaduro and I'm already watching fools the sister-in-law tweeters prepared to charge against the democratic regime of Venezuela, supporting coups like JGuaido self-proclaimed President Chusquero of the Bolivarian Republic... let's see how many shots I take today?
AGAINST	Let the speculators prepare (an autovtc). In Catalonia there is democracy, and the Madrid Community is getting like the ass.
NONE	Today we talk with representatives of the European Union to consolidate their support and democratic transition. We thank the international community for its efforts to rescue our freedom.
AGAINST	Oriol Junqueras denies the use of public funds for the referendum, ballot boxes and ballot papers of the 1-O: The taxpayers did not cost anything
AGAINST	Madrid metro: expensive, slow and saturated. While the passengers travel overcrowded, the politicians who drive it do so by official car. The Spaniards give them the same. Rebel! SpainSeDefende
FAVOR	LaPatriaSonPersonas The PP of Casado: patriots of flag, and that it is going to break Spain... These are cases of corruption and said Cospedal that the PP, always complied with the law in force? YoVotoUnidosWe can for transparency and recover the state of well-being.
FAVOR	Mayor of the PSOE violating the law of historical memory and whitening fascism Are these the left? don't fuck Mayor the real lack of his municipality is the democratic
FAVOR	I come to say, finally, that evil is very close. And that I see many, too many, who would order a killing without blinking if that favors them. Or hate. What do you think loved leaders? Married, Abascal, Rivera, Arrimadas, Aznar, War, Bono and so many others? Do you get it, friends?
FAVOR	ign2007 JuanCladeRamon What seems to you a masterful argument makes the world laugh. No referendum of indep. has been made to vote for the entire parent state. Don't do the ridiculous anymore please. A little dignity and acceptance of the democratic game
NONE	Crime grows when the bandit feels comfortable. The evolution of our criminal laws always realizes to protect them. It is ankleler el., house arrest, penalty replacement, progression with 1/6, jumps, intimate visit, custody hearing, disarmament...And the common citizen?
FAVOR	MonDiari Let's see if we learn from a slump. ALL political parties move according to their circumstances not by their ideology. Imagine the reverse Puigdemont judged and Oriol in exile.
FAVOR	Intebc agarzon Both IU and Podemos have said from the beginning that they are political prisoners. You barely do not recognize the support that has been provided and unwise.
FAVOR	Urkullu deposits in Poblet about 300 documents of his role as Mediator between Puigdemont and M. Rajoy. And now Albert_Rivera pablocasado_ and Santi_ABASCAL organize for this Sunday a demonstration against the Traitor of Spain M. Rajoy.... Coherence?
AGAINST	Torrent, Parliament's dumb arm: If the accused are accused of having organized a referendum or of having protested here we would have to be thousands. Another fool with the same role. I don't know what's worse: to be taken for fools or not to see how dumb they are.
FAVOR	Il diarioes Tonto!!! that the hundreds of thousands of people, it was the Saturday in Catalonia and it was precisely to tell you that we are going, that Self-determinatedNoEs Delicte and that we do not want to the far right in the Catholic Republic
NONE	AN appointed deputy Omar González Moreno, from Vente Venezuela, as member of the Special Commission to promote the appointment of the new CNE
FAVOR	JuanMa_Moreno As son of Andalusians I confirm that the only one who has trampled and trampled on my rights is the Spanish state and, by the way, I want the Independence of Catalonia JuanMa_Moreno
FAVOR	Nicolás Maduro a Salvados: It is as if I told the EU that I give you seven days to recognize the Republic of Catalonia. SalvadosMaduro
AGAINST	RT OndaCeroSierra: Fernando Onnega: At what level of negotiation with the independenceists are we?
NONE	Trapero, Puig and Soler are accused of rebellion and each faces 11 years in prison plus the 4 years he asks Interior for sedition trapero mossos
AGAINST	RT RCLARES1: Critics of independence in Le Figaro: "Sola, Catalonia is nothing neither culturally nor economically" v...
FAVOR	The hobby they are taking in Citizens to recycle second-row politicians who have come to less than corrupt bipartisanship is beginning to be sick...
NONE	For decades the Brazilian people lived under a regime of tyrannical control of public opinion, and the first thing moderates do in government is try to give the impression that this is democratic normality.
AGAINST	If the Catalan separatists are RaceSuperior, the Basque ages are premium... How they release foam through the mouth because S.M. Felipe VI wins the most important prize in the legal world, as happens to Anasagasti (the one of the sausage in the head).
AGAINST	The state prosecutor has just said what the whole world, with its own criteria, is thinking: Forn has had an episode of double personality: Forn legalist, Forn revolutionary.
AGAINST	Artur More: The lists will not be decided by Carles Puigdemont, even though he will have his word on the list.
AGAINST	Millo testified as a witness in the trial of the 'procedure' in the Supreme Court: - One cannot deny that some CDRs are violent - Puigdemont told me that he could not back off
FAVOR	TopgunRaul EnricMillo albertsfx guardacivil GuardCivilBCN I don't forget anything. Spain that takes you to Pujol, I just remembered you because you are in the house quietly. I won't be the one to defend the Mas, but it's not imputed.. The PP party most corrupt of democracy and I didn't say it, says justice.. These photos tell everything!
FAVOR	Tell the insurers that putting stickers and pinching a wheel is total sinister? JoAccuso JudiciProceedings
FAVOR	Quite impressive to see a dinosaur believed to be extinct appears from among the dead politicians Shame of a collaborator in state terrorism called GAL Only to hear some of his phrases make it want Catalonia to be independent ipso facto Francoland
FAVOR	The faithful to Carles Puigdemont find resistance in the Pdecat to impose themselves in the candidatures to Barcelona and the Congress Inform mpardeiro
NONE	The Spanish tennis player faces Indian Wells satisfied and highlights the importance of his mental strength to overcome adversities
AGAINST	Mr Torrent says that the Catalan people want a referendum on independence, the sect is to create Orwelian citizens who do not see real facts, who have at most 47% of the population ignoring 53% and believe that they are majority, relegating the rights of 53%
AGAINST	Immigration and delinquency. Measure 15. Deportation of immigrants who have recidivized. VOXavanza Salt EspañaViva VOXExtremanesidade
FAVOR	Meidingaliciac1 mochosovietico Megan03rd What we want is to leave Spain. We want independence, then what law allows us to leave?
AGAINST	The PSOE looks to the future, that's why it worries Franco so much...? The PSOE wants a Spain in which we all fit, that's why it negotiates with independenceists...? The PSOE wants a Spain that doesn't leave anyone behind, that's why it leaves in inheritance an adjustment of 13200 million...
AGAINST	LRAbascal Those who hate it and intend to destroy it cannot influence the Government of Spain. There is already less left for Santi_ABASCAL to pronounce this phrase from the speaker's rostrum of the Congress of Deputies. VoxExtremeNecessity
AGAINST	RT polybueno691: Bcnisnotcat_ Elisabeth10 €52,000 PUBLIC money. Did you read it Sr. sanchezcastejon? 155YaCataluña
FAVOR	We can of this neither speak to you the MMCCs, the achievements and social measures achieved by the UnitedWe can where they govern. Facts and not only words in electoral campaign. IVotoUnidasWe can YesWe can.. 8MUnidasWe can
FAVOR	He only missed the vox lawyer, kneeling and making a blowjob to the Cobos when he got fired... TrialDelProces JudiciTV3CatRadio
NONE	Real taking 3x0 kkkkkk
FAVOR	CiuMilGCDemoc Positioning against the reminiscences of Francoism should not be an option if not an obligation of any Democrat, it defines itself as constitutionalist or not. Another thing should not have room in Democracy. By institutions by and for the citizen.
FAVOR	INKYSID0R MariadelMarMen9 tweetem bsrbcn I don't know what DNA your neighbors will talk about, since there is a lot of emigration.Many others in the rest of Spain have been disrespecting Catalans for years, but the worst thing is that politicians do it.
AGAINST	Loq_digalarubia Egotada Si. Sample button, set an example, etc. As the system has to be on the inside for public services to advise a person in such a crazy way and for media and politicians to put themselves on their side in a kidnapping.
FAVOR	NUET junqueras parliamentcat omnium erc_catcentral communists EUiA_cat davidcompany Esquerra_ERC JoanTarda wagemberg mariadolorsa But what happened on the 6th and 7th is not a crime since parliaments can make the legislation they consider appropriate. And this was necessary to give cover to the 1Oct. The CT invalidated it a posteriori. They accuse them of other things, crimes built to be able to imprison them.
NONE	RT rainstorming: I wanted to be with the person I like
NONE	Instituto Cervantes solves "The 100 most frequent doubts of Spanish"
FAVOR	Arrimadas announces a visit-provocation to Waterloo, in full trial via the nationalcat_e
NONE	The Eurochamber infuriates PSOE, PP and Cs by inviting Puigdemont in full trial
FAVOR	jpurias Yesterday it became very clear, everything that is not in favor of the sacrosanct unity of Spain, is not impartial, because with impartiality goes that of the judges in favor of the unity of Spain! So those who do not start from this political idea, are not impartial, ah! ThisIsTheRealSpain
FAVOR	Myqueliceta the confidential Bon dia. The executive of the 155 approves to continue with the theater of not to agree with 155 after the 28-A. Until it says FEDEA, it would be missing more, Miquel Iceta.
FAVOR	Oriol Junqueras qualifies as a political prisoner, refuses to answer the charges and converts his statement into a political allegation Inform IvanVila_A TrialProcedure
FAVOR	FraJeremies That because 17 people, in Cat have not wanted to vote some pge, having political prisoners and exiles, has occurred this hecatombe,- rather comes from the government that does not give confidence, they are unable to unite and make a real left, they are making it easy to ppvoxc's
AGAINST	The more days it is clear that EnricMillo did it well. Proof of this is lynching that the separatists are doing it. Because here, in Catalonia, either you think like them or they boycott you and destroy your image. We will not surrender.
AGAINST	Nuria_amb_seny pichicoma1 Carme_SG QuimTorraiPla Antonio_Tajani Europarl_EN KRLS Europarl_FR Europarl_CAT CasaReal From the outside seems a nice democratic aspiration, in fact it is of the most common that you can find in Europe, a little like flamenco nationalism.
NONE	The former vice president regrets that "one of the nation's skippers" is being treated with reference to the independenceists and claims that "linguistic immersion in a single language" is being "prevented" in Leoncita1
FAVOR	Vote is NOT a crime, prevent it by force, YES Vote is NOT a crime, prevent it by force, YES Vote is NOT a crime, prevent it by force, YES Vote is NOT a crime, prevent it by force, YES ThisIsTheRealSpain JunquerasAccusa FemXarxa
AGAINST	That's right! What we've suffered LaSilentosaCat at the hands of the Catholic dictatorship has no name! We've been silent for years but they'll no longer call EnricMillo
AGAINST	It is curious that in the General Courts there are independence parties that go against the unity of Spain, but in the Banana Republic that supposedly wanted to mount some, were PROHIBIDS the parties that were against Catalonia as state and axis of the world!
FAVOR	ThisIsTheRealSpain WHERE THE CERCANIES HAVE THE SAME INFRASTRUCTURES OF 100 YEARS AGO, BUT IT MAKES A WATER TO FILL THE 4 MAFIOUS BALLS
FAVOR	We want the trial of JoAccuso dreyfusiano to last months and months...
NONE	Lula da Silva returns to prison after attending her grandson's funeral
FAVOR	manel_herrero pillarcarracelas EnricMillo You're a fanatic and that's why I use the expression Hispanic State, to make you understand that a religious faith moves you in view of nationalism. If you don't understand it, you still lack studies to get to win.
AGAINST	AlexAco90918687 Go for God I thought you had her head healthy equality Maduro is fat as a dirty sebon. And the people dying of miserable hunger is that you don't see the puppies that the whole world is with Guaido you are a fucking communist scum go to load VOXAdvanza
AGAINST	Gabriel Rufián, Beatriz Talegon, Jaime Alonso Cuevillas, Ernest Maragall, the little Nicolas... now they are independenceists...
AGAINST	Manual of manipulation PSOE AdrianaLastra has never worked outside the policy Is not aware of the Law "The right to strike is a right of an individual character and therefore it is not for the institutions to join them as a whole will pay their full salary" 8M
NONE	RT andreazzaeditor: Of course we need the president's son cheating on the army.
FAVOR	The executive of the PDECAT of the Alt Urgell has demanded from the leadership of the party that all the independence forces go on a single list to the general elections
NONE	It's 11 months without Marielle. And worse: 11 months without justice and punishment to the perpetrators and principals of this cowardly political crime. Still the questions: who killed Marielle and Anderson? Who had killed? Which politicians are behind the crime? JusticeForMarielle 11MesesNo Answer
AGAINST	Elenasala3 miguelcarmonaes LdiaMartnezFlo1 BeatrizTalegon France: Brittany, 2 years living. Public schools only French language, if you want to study Breton parents must pay separately. The state has an obligation to teach French, not Breton. Travel and read, do not believe what TV3 says or its imprisoned politicians.
FAVOR	AlbanoDante76 They just recognized Trapote who knows that the centers where they beat remained open. That is, neither did they avoid the referendum. They just went to beat.
FAVOR	Today I have entered a bar, and see the Spanish flag on the wall; the framed photo of Carrizosa...I say to the coffeemaker: - Good morning, sir, a cigaló, please. - Good morning! I can be an idiot, but not an independentist - Understand: Good morning, Mr. idiot, a cigaló, please
AGAINST	Great idea, why don't we investigate the people who were at the tables of the illegal referendum in Catalonia?"
FAVOR	Azukikiyo 20m And those of Blanquerna, Incredible....get out cheap according to who commits the crime. And they demand respect for justice, with political prisoners and Alsasua boys for a bar fight. Respect is won, and is far from doing so.
AGAINST	Discussion in the PP on the possibility of joint lists to the Senate to maintain the absolute majority and apply a 155 hard. Cs ruled out and Married asks to unify the centerright vote in the PP
AGAINST	Those who obstruct the whole country are Calvo, Sánchez and his mob of plugs and associates, thugs, batsuns, and pomsongers.
AGAINST	Follow me and TeSigoVOX has been a great idea. It has joined us with many sympathizers and affiliates and we see that we are not alone.
NONE	RT Jv05_: Ticolé is very good
NONE	Here are the key statements from the witnesses in the Catalan independence trial. These are the key statements of the witnesses to the trial of the "process". JudiciTV3CatRàdio
AGAINST	The Okupa defended just over a year ago that if Puigdemont was looking for some mediation "we didn't have to look very far, the Congress of Deputies was the perfect mediator."
AGAINST	The useful vote is not to vote for useless politicians. YoVotoVox
AGAINST	The indecent say that the sentence is already written, and that it is condemnatory. The reality is that the judgment is being of the + normal. And it is precisely they who would want the sentence already written, or acquittal or acquittal, but it will be unjust.
FAVOR	...who cared for the manure of his grandfather's farm, ARE HIS WORDS (xavier is independent of the psc, the accomplice)
AGAINST	RT SergiFidalgo: PtfThe Silent Artur Mas now recognizes that separatism does not have "sufficient strength" Lél...
NONE	Life is too short to waste time on ordinary things. Take advantage today, take care of today, declare today, tomorrow is never a certainty, no one is free. love as if there were no tomorrow!
FAVOR	Clock781 Man, it's out of the question. ERC promised 21D to obey the mandate of 1-O, implement the republic and replenish what 155 took away. To begin with, he avoided the investiture of KRLS, then said that 1-O was not worth shit and ended up calling his voters stupid and cancer.
AGAINST	emparmoliner You're supposed to be supporting a panda of thugs who have broken up together in Catalonia? You're much less smart than I thought, that's how it goes.
AGAINST	But if you've believed the Republic, how come you won't believe that there are constitutionalist ladies smoking pints at the gates of the Generalitat?
NONE	RT eufalei157: that only good things happen this week??
AGAINST	Official Spin Let's not be fooled...the start of the Process, was when Jordi Pujol asked the PP of Aznar for education skills to indoctrinate future separatists!! Many gave the voice of alarm back then, and no one took them seriously!.
AGAINST	Independenceists wanted to ban parties against the Catalan Republic -
AGAINST	RT matthewbennett: Perez de los Cobos: The performance of the Mossos seemed to be more designed to facilitate the illegal referendum than to prevent its...
FAVOR	F-Eran 7 ravaged cars? Q-Eran 2 ravaged cars. F-Eran 7 Q- ravaged cars? F-I didn't say ravaged cars, ravaged cars.
FAVOR	MinstDeLaVerdad joethebrew HywelPlaidCymru ForcadellCarme Is in jail as a dungeon. It is a hostage, a political prey! Its "lynching" as a person, intends to silence the rest of the independenceists. You have made it clear. The more repression, the more injustice, the more we will rise (democratically).
AGAINST	Sánchez has stated that he does not close to re-agree with the independenceists to form government after the April 28 general election. Well all said. Voting PSOE is voting Torra and Puigdemont. That's what there is.
FAVOR	Feijóo and Garrido remind Casado that the PP is a center party and whenever it has presented itself to the elections as a center-right party it has produced good results. By MartaMonforteJ General Elections28April Versuntos
FAVOR	Eight months have gone by the PP and Citizens saying that the PSOE deals with the thugs. And oh paradox: cut the PP, Cs and the indepes budget.
NONE	?A simple but life-saving measure: a 'Stop' vest for nurses reduces interruptions in medication rounds
AGAINST	It seems that fear, undesirables and hatred persecute SpainLive where they go but just like in the rest of the places.
FAVOR	superwomanroja In general, either ERC or United We can be a good choice for me, but I can only vote for one of them. Partycracy is the problem of democracy.
AGAINST	The CUP manipulates a video to make it look like the popular candidate for mayor of Barcelona "simulates a shot in the back of the head to an independent militant"
AGAINST	RT Valencian_tv: Prosecutor's Office closes the siege of the Catalan headquarters of the Bloc-Compromís paid by the Government of Quim Torra
AGAINST	LaSilentosaCat For one of the few times that a Mosso in the middle of the job says something so coherent, sure they sanction him. The 18 F, Internal Affairs quotes to declare the mosso of The Republic does not exist, idiot for insulting.????TheMismaShitAlways
FAVOR	It falls unconscious after a fucking blow to the head. What is the reaction of the police officers? To continue with their work. Mercenaries. Blue jacket. Girona 1OCT 1O Referendum Behind them? Shame!
NONE	Anyone to talk to?
NONE	The strength of democracy should not admit blackmail and will fall upon the president of the United States by CC_Urabayen
FAVOR	In addition to expelling our young people from the country, the PP's policies reduce the budget in research. Science has a precarious face.
AGAINST	They have every right to be independent. What they can't, as no one can, is skip the law. They can't impose their will on us by force or because they think they're right. PlePaeria
AGAINST	Yes, not everything is worth approving the State's budgets. Accepting the figure of a "rapporteur" is accepting the propaganda of separatists. Democracy and the rule of law are defended from the institutions.
NONE	Carrizosa accuses Sánchez of dragging the EU to grant an 8-day pardon to the tyrant of Maduro
FAVOR	Altsasu, jordicuixart, Carme, the rest of the prisoners, the medals to Billy the boy, the thief of the Bourbon, the 1-O, the 155... anything other than the Total and Absolute blockade the 28A I think is a scam.
FAVOR	JudiciTV3CatRàdio Searching in the trunk of memories... uh uh uh
AGAINST	Too bad for Fatur the Generalitat did not bring a delegation from the Tractorian Youth Front. So, anyone wishing to do tourism in Tractoria would know what would be found: cassavas, supremacists, intolerant, bitter... Imagine what the constitutionalists are suffering there.
AGAINST	The bad thing is that the CCOOs between you and the homeless have not doubted many times either, they have placed themselves next to the homeless. And look how they pay them. Let them learn not to be so pagan.
AGAINST	Spoiler: He will call elections where things get a little serious, and means like MonDiari, who live from the alpist of the government, will do whitewashing and present him as a martyr of democracy
AGAINST	I thought it was the escape of Puigdemont and the Spanish repressive state chasing him.How is it called?Impossible republic mission and that doesn't exist?How brave is Puigdemont, he didn't have to jump whips or was coerced.You hurt yourself with these tweets.Then we will laugh at the others.
NONE	I have a clown friend, who is called Cid. He teaches people who being called clown ñ is offense. Being clown is an art, it is to be an artist! The work is beautiful, even zehdeabreu! But if the girl puts this colorful on the subject who is there on the Plateau now, it gets from hell!
NONE	Many teams choose to place three power plants in the system for different reasons. Some have solved their tactical problems varied drawing and have changed the bad dynamics with more defensive consistency and more fluid transitions?joangimeno
AGAINST	Here I explained it a while ago. Why haven't we seen a video of those centers closed by the Mossos in charge of the Generality that organized and convened the referendum?
FAVOR	Juan CladeRamon FALSO: Go, come, now don't make you see that you don't know what dual nationality is. Remember that supremacist and imperialist nationalism is yours, don't get confused
AGAINST	My message to all the Venezuelan brothers 2Feb We are at the beginning of a new era: that of the recovery of prosperity, freedom and democracy for Venezuela We have a window to the transition, and that window has opened Europe is with you!
AGAINST	LaTitaAle1 CristoReySpain As long as there are subsidies, some will have to justify them by manipulating the others. And now that is those subsidies, so that political parties have fresh meat to use at their will. And the fools, dancing the agia to the machitos of all life...
AGAINST	Let's see Fachin, that Catalonia has 7,500,000, what do we do with the 5 million Catalans who are tired of the process and the robberies of the independenceists?
NONE	If they have really abandoned flirting with Cs, they have to prove it Colau Barcelona rent
FAVOR	False Feminism, of False Inésa Arrimadas
FAVOR	Members of the PDECat tried to withdraw the amendment at the last hour to avoid the electoral advance. They were blocked by Puigdemont, Torra and Artadi. ERC whistled (interested in the elections). The PSOE no longer wanted to be'savvy'.
FAVOR	That's sedition and rebellion! On top of that, I don't know what about a referendum among the club's partners... for even more reason!
NONE	RT Path of Love: "God said, I will never leave you, ever, ever forsake you." Hebrews 13:5.
AGAINST	People like your crazy, supremacist, and clearly racist, it's what makes the homeless compared to the Nazis.
NONE	The purpose of the transitional law was to seek a political solution to the conflict between Catalonia and the Spanish state.
AGAINST	"You were warned that you would end up crying" poptemjo "We, we constitute the Catalan Republic as an independent and sovereign state" It is going to be no! And, now, to cry! Many thanks. Videos like this are very necessary these months of the trial.
FAVOR	RT Iguardans: Yesterday the reality returned to the Supreme Court. "Nieto cuts a costume to independence" via Elpa...
NONE	Even the international press is echoing Bolsonaro's tweet and this is wearing out the image of Brazil out there. Ah. Yes. What strengthens the image of Brazil out there is wanting to give Nobel Prize to a former president who is under arrest for corruption.
NONE	RT State: CAPA: With the PSL in crisis, Bolsonaro clan negotiates to migrate to new UDN - via StateoPolitica
FAVOR	There is now a debate between policies of democratic regression and another Spain that wants more democracy. Spain that wants more democracy understands that the Head of State has to be democratically elected.
AGAINST	I believe on TV3cat when I make a report about Franco's Francoist grandparents of indecent politicians who lined up with Franco like Pere Aragones or Matamala, Gerona de Puigdemont's friend. But it gives me that they are so cowardly that they don't dare.
AGAINST	RT Jasafella: Texamino In Spain we don't even have a damn idea of democracy. It's a good thing we have the gang of the lance to enlighten us...
AGAINST	RT joseminn: InesArrimadas CiudadanosCs Alfonso Guerra says that the silly left has not been able to defend Spanish democracy.
NONE	RT GDimenstein: One more of the series: they think we're idiots.
NONE	In addition to posting the video containing the abusive pornographic practice on the public street, President Bolsonaro can go further and EXPIRY DECRETE that forces federal organs and servants to respect the current laws that protect the citizen from obscene, especially children and women.
AGAINST	sanchezcastejon Pedro Sanchez has placed more than half of his socialist executive in the government or in the main public enterprises. Without experience the majority. But it doesn't matter: we want a Spain where they all have but us with the pot LaEspañaQuequer
AGAINST	8. SUBSTANTIVE OBJECTION FOR PRACTICAL ISSUES 2: In a referendum, especially of this kind, WE ALL behave like ENERGY. You lie, you manipulate, you insult, you confront friends and families, you get hurt whoever wins. I don't want to see my country pass through that trance.
FAVOR	1O On 28/9/2017 we met for coordination on 13 hours. Ferrán López did not attend and on 16 hours we finished. Commissioner López did not answer the phone..then we knew that he was meeting with the president. We all met with López on 29
FAVOR	RT Hibai_: The Supreme Court prosecutor is asking a rebel defendant if he made a retuit. He smells like democracy.
FAVOR	Good morning, there is already less for our appointment from Wednesday to 21h with WednesdayRepub1 and the HT x the Republic will animate all. carolacaracola5 bertaga14 geluniet just a soniaka1 1118time summary59 pitumerchita RosaIsabelLosa2
AGAINST	I would already call it pure and hard fascism, apart from a great cowardice, the lazis are like this. If they think that this is how they coward, they are ready, prove their cowardice, in the end, not a step back arturelpayas2 pillar burrow MarakasDeMachin Bcnisnotcat_ Gata1_C BromiusBCN GuajeSalvaje Embl
FAVOR	They tell you that independenceists use children to cut roads. But it turns out it's false and the road was actually cut by almost 800 people 150 meters from the children and it took more than 4 hours cut at the time of the photo.
AGAINST	Sánchez surrenders to the secessionists for fear of not approving his accounts The President of Government accepts that there is a "rapporteur" in his meetings with the independenceists?? The Sanchismo liquida Spain until the humiliation of the State
AGAINST	RT BernatDedeu: "Elsa Artadi and Pere Aragonès were two admirable collaborators". Holi,.elsa_artadi.perearagones... 155
NONE	He has mental illness, he managed to plan all the crime, some involved were killed, he became a member of the PSOL, he managed to earn a fortune as a bricklayer.. Is it so absurd that they really believe we're suckers like them?
AGAINST	? CAN YOU?? Accusing Abuse Discrimination Insulting Discouraging Spit Pull anything Accusing or falsely denouncing Assault Murder And from themoncloa and interiorgob??DO NOT DO ANYTHING??? Record a video, suspend you on duty and open a file EquiparacionAlready
FAVOR	Forn Junqueras Spain is generating martyrs of galactic dimensions. For many people they are already more than politicians, they are turning them into heroes! The more they continue with this the greater their dimension will be. Their courage and conviction generate the admiration of the majority of Catalans.
FAVOR	Gozalo: We explained to the agents that we were not facing a situation of infinite tension, but the result of disagreement between two parts of society TrialProces
FAVOR	Millo was postponed his statement. Yesterday he had to testify in the morning. In 24 hours he had time to study Nieto's appearance in order not to contradict himself. He even set the same example of Trapero's children and grandparents... Vaha, vaja, vaja... JudiciTV3CatRàdio
AGAINST	When the independents say this goes for democracy is their way of saying that if you're not independent you're not a Democrat, because if they said it directly it would be wrong, first they have to make the mental operation replace their independent cause by democracy...
AGAINST	alonso_dm nightjjr Maintenance Tasks = We have to keep the dungeon in power, we cannot allow VOX freely to express itself and people then want to vote for them the same. It would be inadmissible in democracy!
NONE	However, while choosing the product, FALEI said that the most attractive one was the pillow and the neck protector. The seller did not say anything about these SEPARATED accessories and simply commented that "actually, these cushions are great".
AGAINST	Puigdemont joins the independent siege against Millo
AGAINST	Disappointing statements by a founder of Societatcc. Of being the first organization to fight separatism, and with which I collaborated, to become a defender of linguistic discrimination, the main nationalist weapon
AGAINST	LetraGlobal The debts and wounds that will leave Catalan independence are not limited to politics and the economy; they impact fully to which the capital of Spanish American letters remains for very little, by Josep Ma Cortés
NONE	The politicians of C's make propaganda of a crime, the babies are PRODUCTS to fulfill desires of genetic perpetuation, profitable merchandise. They disguise it of altruism but they know that it is a business that endangers the integrity of poor women and the ethics of an entire civilization
NONE	Joaquín Sabina has lived tonight, disguised as a pirate, his craziest dream, being a preacher of the Carnival of Cadiz. The singer has had words for Catalan independenceists in his speech
NONE	Commercial war, engine problems or drought weigh in the second half of the year
AGAINST	Buff, what a scare, for a moment I thought that the Carlistons became Bourbons...General Elections28April PNV General Elections
AGAINST	The commitment d Arrimadas, d continue to give voice to the silenced Catalans x independence, is a commitment q maintains to 100%, now from Congress. It does not leave us!!
FAVOR	RT ThePinkLeidy: Pardodevera When the Catalans blocked the 155 accounts, with the help of the PSOE, where were the conc...
FAVOR	17) Spanish nationalism used a Catalan medium to invent a false note d CNI (with tachos, lacks spelling, date not coincident) to delegitimize Mossos in a noisy use d a seed of 155 to prove that they would know how to manage police
AGAINST	DaniPintoB anpbcn Nationalism provoked at least 3 wars in Europe in the 20th century. Catalans will provoke the first of the 21st century
AGAINST	BeatrizTalegon anamirandapaz Miranda, forbid an act of VOX in Barcelona, because we will vote for them the Barcelonans is fascism. Nothing will prevent VOX from entering the Parliament of Catalonia, so we want Catalans.
NONE	The ApointaMiNombreVox campaign, driven by Cristina Fallarás, achieves a massive follow-up
AGAINST	Thought The judiciary told Pilar Rahola that it was not necessary for him to declare in the process the independence leaders, because their opinions were indispensible, as we well know who we enjoy their bereaved on TV3.
FAVOR	In the confidence: Hacienda fined the office of Villacis and her husband for paying less VAT than due.Really, this is LaEspañaQueVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVeVe
NONE	RT OldRegio: When you take tequila with grapefruit and sangrite
NONE	Venezuela's ambassador to Iraq departs from Maduro and recognizes Guaidó
FAVOR	There is to be a little idiot to do a survey and that your own followers, or others who have caught you the tarannà, put you like Zasca! Now seriously, I will vote for the enemies of??,a lot of honor and with that eggplant?well tall and stretched 160,000 Catalans Human Wall
NONE	Auction of 12 airports: more than R$ 3.5 bi in investments in terminals. Composed of the airports of Recife-PE, Maceió-AL, Aracaju-SE, Juazeiro do Norte -CE, João Pessoa, Campina Grande-PB, Vitória-ES and Macaé-RJ, Cuiabá and Sinop, Rondonópolis and Alta Foresta, all in MT.
FAVOR	TVE does not ask Irene Montero for the very important media boycott of his party that RTVE itself recognizes but asks him for his home and for a country at 7,000 km... MonteroEnRTVE 28A
FAVOR	RT Miquel2XTI: The statement by Diego Perez de los Cobos is a festival of filldeputisme extrema.
FAVOR	JBC_21D_2017 No wonder I want independence if or if. I don't live and I don't live in Catalonia too. I envy you, and of course I support you.
AGAINST	Rubén Novoa, the Catalan separatist of the Galician name, deletes the tweet q published with photography, name, surnames and National Identity Document of the Judicial Secretary of the Registry in the Economics Council where the key documents of the separatist coup were found.
AGAINST	They didn't want ties? Well, take ties. I'm going to laugh when the homeless go into a loop and start tearing them off: we'll see how many fines the chimtorra moss put on them.
FAVOR	Mercedes Milá: An unlimited 155? No, I prefer to go and be an independentist Via En_Blau_es
FAVOR	Fidel Chaina, Supreme Prosecutor: There was a violent plan to launch human walls against the police??????? Can I order the VAR? JoAccuso judici1O freetothom FreeCatalanPoliticalPrisoners LlibertatPressPolitics
FAVOR	Rafausui shell What shame. With which it is falling in the country. Sometimes I think we have the politicians we deserve
NONE	This kind of thing explains why Manfred now wants Robots like Umpire and leave a professional trip unemployed. (not that and agree) This makes me think of Armando Galarraga. Do you remember? unknown source, via LasMayores
FAVOR	We are clear that 1 day of VagaGeneral is not enough, but all the actual acts add up, so we support Interunion I_CSC in the strike of 7FVagaGeneral. Let's show that the people continue to fight for the RepublicCathalana AturadaDePaís CDRCatOfficial
AGAINST	Ole! The simplism of separatism, the one who coined 5 mantras with the q thousand have gotten into the sect denying its ancestors, no longer hangs Farsantes StopCatalanMafia Bath of History to the Motxo in the nets after being expelled from the European Parliament
AGAINST	.ManuelValls claims Barcelona: It is much more than a provincial capital of a non-existent Republic VallsBCN2019 SavemBarcelona
FAVOR	Villacis de Ciudadanos hides a heritage of 2 million eurazos!!! If the liberals of Rivera came to regenerate the Corruption with PPSOE We already know, don't we? Vote corrupt and we will be without Pensions, without Health and without Housing, because there are q to pay thieves
AGAINST	RT AttentionFrom: Then they say they don't indoctrinate. HP missing makes 155 via ABCespana
AGAINST	Romeva is that piece of pacifist who goes and chooses ERC (stained in blood with more than 8,000 dead in Catalonia for political reasons) to defend independence. With two balls.
NONE	RT GenioNeymarjr: This game only proved that: Neymar carries the Paris Saint-Germain and Mbappe together.
NONE	With the Spanish residents as an indication on the bases it is because the shipment will only take place in this area. With this if you have someone here, you could participate whenever they receive the watch. And by details like this, it is important to read the general bases.
FAVOR	paiyamorfernan1 eduardmotos Mishima18 We are doing well to vote and speak differently, and there is a 75 or 80% agreement in a binding referendum of self-determination. It is some political parties that try by all means to confront us. But neither do they get it.
FAVOR	The prisoners of the "procedure" insist on asking for provisional release: for the moment, the Constitutional Court does not give way
AGAINST	The affinity of the president of the balear council and the Catalan coup players is notorious. month a branch of the coupist and secessionist approaches in Baleares month we can MosMovem Baleares
NONE	Pugliesi running the bay in the insta of the erasmo pq many women send nudes on his direct... he left his profile logged in to her cell before going to the confinement of the program The Apprentice.. eita!!!
FAVOR	lvirgilifor El_Be_Black painsfg dnicatala IndosIgnacio cariascc yonyalez CasPPoSOe Catalan_Rep dari_low vadortitus Madelen80089998 mirubis1 desvalls5 TirAlPeu rosesantfeliu21 toniialba carlespastor Sans49Sans sedlr_ MiRubis FerranAntequera va pallasada de la FISCALÍA... national association &gt; assemblea organisation crida &gt; NO exist 7 cars GC &gt; 2 cars GC devastated JoAccuso JudiciProces
FAVOR	BeatrizTalegon The European Parliament does not fear for security and gives Vox to fascism because
NONE	RT LaVanguardia: A Boeing 747 deliberately sunk will be the main attraction
NONE	Now we can here you have analyses of what is happening in countries like Canada or UK, where there are laws that allow the free self-determination of sex/gender (that is what you define so randomly and with so many blooms)
FAVOR	Inés Arrimadas has gone to remove ties to the village of Puigdemont, now he says he goes to Waterloo, at the door of his house. But don't call it provocation or crush that it's red stuff.
FAVOR	Boycotting Catalonia is the best thing to do to untie and separate, that Catalan entrepreneurs lose interest in the Spanish market and focus on the world, that makes them pay to achieve independence.
AGAINST	??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? CumFraude Sanchezcastejon attributed in his book to Saint John of the Cross the most famous quotation of Brother Luis de León's brother Luis de León's most famous name?????
FAVOR	Arrimadas guarantees that he will not deal with the PSOE. He has not dared to say the same about VOX. She continues to maintain that they are center. A center that deals with the extreme right.
NONE	Venezuelan troops block bridge to stop humanitarian aid from Colombia
NONE	NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2
FAVOR	The EU gave them the same thing that in a member country there was police violence on the 1-O x vote. I don't want to be aghast, but political prisoners are waiting for a sentence from the Holy Inquisition right now.
AGAINST	When instead of being a picky catalan, we become a vulgar agitator... a target, go... here the rataphia throwing the hordes of the government's former delegate for telling the truth by testifying as a witness.
AGAINST	Why did the pp with absolute majority not eliminate the LIVG or hysterical memory law, why until the arrival of VOX in Spain did not fight the anti-Spanishism and false moral superiority of the izmierda??? See if Voltaire was right... Follow meYTeSigoVOX
AGAINST	SR_Technoir jualoren tonialba Imagine how people who are not separatists live in that town, it must be a horror to live with so many Nazi fanatics.
AGAINST	The Spanish citizens living in the United Kingdom and the British living in Spain will continue to have the same rights after Brexit. I would like to make this very clear so that no one else will question it again.
FAVOR	Of course if wapi!!! Gun for everyone and so let it be easier for the Nazis to kill prostitutes, homosexuals, reds, independenceists... Not like their Lleida leader, who sexually abused disabled men and that's a good patriot!
AGAINST	Indirect Cs deputies criticize Parliament's paralysis for the absence of the independenceists
AGAINST	. alejandroTGN (PPC) accuses InesArrimadas (Cs) of legitimizing KRLS Puigdemont with his visit to Waterloo: It is a waste of money
AGAINST	With how easy it would have been: we've been wrong. We're still independent but with only 47% of the votes it's not possible instead of continuing to stick.
AGAINST	europapress Bible says: "Do not join in unequal yoke with unbelievers; for... what part [is] the believer with the unbeliever The political parties are formed of many unbelievers. The Christian who joins a political party, unites in unequal yoke with unbelievers.
FAVOR	VilaWeb O is very short or believes its advisors without contrasting anything. It is of being very bad person to believe that the 155 was a balm!! What cynicism!
NONE	Spain ranks number 13 in vital satisfaction in a group of 40 countries, ahead of the US, Germany, Italy or France
NONE	Umberto Eco, if I live, would ask you for the kindness of never mentioning his name. Imagine the poor Eco, antifascist to the marrow, being quoted by a subject who changed journalism to be a digital philo-fascist militant and a right-wing indoctrinator of digital packs
AGAINST	RT marubimo: For Turull and the remains of coup defendants, every time they say that voting is not a crime....
FAVOR	AntonioMaestre Frankywpolo The referendum was real. There were ballot boxes, ballot papers and millions of citizens voting. Ah!! In the afternoon many went to vote 6 voted NO. But out of solidarity with their neighbors seeing the police charges.
AGAINST	Rlouzad raulromeva Answer me about the international article, because no one recognizes your right to secession therefore to independence and much less using the pretext of self-determination. So if you don't teach me those "international treaties" the discussion is arid.
FAVOR	Juanovsky_ PanfletoMetro gaceta_es Although it's easy to put them all in the same sack, the reality is that José Antonio's death involved the liquidation of the ideological component that most brought him together with Italian fascism (which in itself was not much) and his conversion into an authoritarian and traditionalist regime.
AGAINST	The present monarchy is impartial. It only fulfils its current duty to entrust it with the constitution voted by the Spaniards: to keep and to keep the constitution. That is the only party that the king takes. It does not interfere in which governments govern or which parties.
FAVOR	Video Camp Nou cries out for the independence and freedom of prisoners during ElClassico against Madrid
FAVOR	El_pais It's like that... and because he hasn't listened to Irene Lozano... because today in addition to beatings, my grandfather is also a rapist...
NONE	Researchers map the networks of relationships between the scandals of the diversion of public money that devastated Brazil after the redemocratization of the arquvivoelpais
AGAINST	Judgement of the JoséAntonio Nieto trial, Ex-Secretary of State for the Interior, Puigdemont wanted the 1-0 to be as it was.They were offered to vote in open places.The Mosses disconnected.
NONE	The girls are orange, the boys are blue and green. Orange shows the size of the regression in women's participation in politics
AGAINST	? It is outrageous that Torra presents Sánchez with a document that obviouss half the Catalans.? Sánchez has become the crutch of separatism; stop humiliating us and call for elections! STOPSánchez10F
AGAINST	Bifarra HouseAdoctrinat vox_es Yes and with the indepe corruption and Pujol and the imprisoned politicians, a hilarious laugh I carry. With the sentence of the trial to the thugs you tell me.
AGAINST	These are great, my tribute to these women who defend us and are at the service of Spain, entering into combat in distant places YoNoVoy8M elections2019votoright
AGAINST	In my opinion, the solution passes because the non-independent majority pulls independence out of power in the ballot box. In Euskadi the world has passed and has not sunk. We need political alternation like eating and they need to air themselves in the opposition.
NONE	When they decide to be evil: The most aggressive: Aries Bull Sagittarius The most cruel: Virgin Lion Fish The most insensitive: Twins Capricorn pound All together (aggressive, cruel and insensitive) Scorpion Cancer Aquarium
AGAINST	A few years ago I proposed that the socialist party should reschedule and almost start again. Of course they called me everything. Today I don't care about the party, but I want it not to charge an entire country.
AGAINST	RT todd_hino: Jomateixapunt dexamina_ The separatist illuminates only see the light of the regime. There is no worse prison than their mind.
FAVOR	OpinionedBlo2 If it had been so serious now Puigdemont would be imprisoned, I repeat that Spain is only a region of Europe, Strasbourg will free the prisoners and all that pantomime will only have served to double independence and accelerate the secession.
FAVOR	FincaSantaMarga anna_sjd Pa assemble the group of whatsapp...independence and what comes...
FAVOR	And if you mention the Constitution, you have AUGC_Communicate and review your duties, obligations and limitations PERJURY JoAccuso PerezDelosCobos
NONE	Lucas_Limaa09 so if you q isn't Indian or black think it's all right to use it as a fantasy when the people themselves have already said q eh degrading then it's all right
FAVOR	jesusgc1972 viquirepublica If you are in Europe and you respect, UN treaty and human rights,... you save yourself one of stupid and cheating votes...!!! Always, VOTING is democracy, when the vote is by vote and there is more than 1 candidate.
AGAINST	Marlaska announces in Ceuta that she will remove the concertinas from the fence in the middle of the pre-election campaign already said before, that she worries about the already real Equiparcion of national police and jusapol civilian guards, which we fulfill.
AGAINST	While Junqueras and company are in prison, the fugitive Puigdemont blocking those who do not follow the game, I am as Catalan as you, and as Spanish as you...???
FAVOR	In 2010 ERC was the 5th force, with 7% of the votes and won the autonomous ICU. In 2012 boom emerged indepe and according to Alfonso Guerra, that change in only 2 years, provoked TV3 and indoctrination in schools and not the ruling of the Statut that he took charge of brushing
AGAINST	Abascal asks to withdraw the Spanish ambassador in Belgium as that country continues to give shelter to Puigdemont via caislado_es
NONE	jessjours I love too serious I feel mt happy
NONE	You'll tell me what you want, but I think it's a hell of a thing to use the "blank" concept for Catalan and Basque independenceists from a party that deals with the far right. It freaks me out, the truth.
FAVOR	k hard must be for your family, to see that state attorney make the ridiculous d that way while forn demonstrates his dialectic power in depth and form, with talent and devastated joacuse talent ThisIsTheRealSpain JudiciFARSA FakeSuprem
FAVOR	Noeborrego Opojusticeero from lamoncloa It is dialogue in the chambers to which the citizens have given powers for it. Not in informal meetings for which no one has authorized. It is to pass democracy through the lining of the balls to operate in parallel.
NONE	Veramagalhaes Edgard_Piccoli But guys like you and Edgard really need class, and not just journalism, like a lot of stuff. The subject, for example, had never even heard of Edmund Burke. And you didn't even know Barack Obama was left. My Lady!????
FAVOR	Well086 The rebellions have only occurred in two cases. 1. To get out of an absolute dictatorship or monarchy. 2. Or to impose a dictatorship or a monarch. I do not know of any case of a rebellion in a democratic country that would like a democracy and a referendum...
FAVOR	freedomdigital This is the dialogue that independence offers!!! Does anyone miss that the front chair is empty?
FAVOR	RT Antorbufor: The brothers of the "democracy" of Spain Saudi Arabia increased the number of executions in 2018
FAVOR	A wave of sound floods the Diagonal of Barcelona. In EDirect we will be very attentive to everything that happens the demonstration with our reporter MiriamMoreno_ed At 7:30 pm Diada2018 Diada Catalunya
FAVOR	Ja_nietob (Sec. d'Estat de Seguretat spanyol, 2017): I don't know if the police stuck to the head or the top of the body. JudgesFarsa 1ONiOblitNiPerdó
NONE	President Jair Bolsonaro congratulated, just posted a video on Twitter and every progressive band became conservative. Hahahahaha Bolsonaro
FAVOR	Let's see if we all show him what Foraster a la Arrimadas means, he didn't have to see any program of the Foraster that 4 years ago, a journalist who is going to live 3 or 4 days to a different town of Catalonia But that IGNORANT is this Moza and that Lianta.
AGAINST	For I was wrong to think that I would keep the commitment made when I asked for the vote: Arrimadas leaves Catalonia and leaves those who voted for it behind.
AGAINST	.manuelvalls in a meeting with representatives of Regional Houses and cultural entities in Catalonia: "There is nothing worse than the acts that divide society. The most complicated is the coexistence, which passes through the respect of all, that you are" Barcelona VallsBCN2019
FAVOR	MariadelMarMen9 tweetem bsrbcn It is that as I have said several times I believe almost nothing of what the media publish, both indepes and not indepes. If it is true that it is corrupt, ask for extradition.
NONE	Lucas_Limaa09 guichaia Yes, there is no way to disagree, but marginalized groups have suffered for mt time and ngm q ta in power seems to care about changing that
FAVOR	Puigdemont replies to Millo: Every day I receive insults and threats
FAVOR	Andreubarnils When you go from Tertullian to TV3 to defend independence do you do it for free?
AGAINST	ElenaValenciano When Maduro comes out of power and democracy, the rule of law returns to Venezuela?? you will hallucinate with what will come from under the carpets.... Venezuelans know... but Justice will act and you will see how you begin to fit the pieces.Tic tac
FAVOR	YoFirmoByLaPaz HandsOffVenezuela YankeeGoHome galizacomvenezuela Humanitarian aid is only a show, what the U.S. commands is a weapon of war for the mardelum thugs Galegocubana galizaemrede plazapublica publico_es
FAVOR	"The Civil Guard had a leading role in the seizure of electoral material, ballot boxes, ballot papers... well, ballot boxes... ehm."
AGAINST	QueNoEnsEnfrontin The Psoe was the only party that with ZP froze the pensions and left Spain bankrupt and on the verge of the rescue. They will leave misery and hunger again
NONE	If the law of a country does not accept discrimination by a given factor, it does not make sense that it accepts POLITICAL REPRESENTATION by that same factor. If there is a black party or a gay party, automatically black and gay are already discriminated against.
AGAINST	PtfLaSilentosa KRLS Europarl_ES Assemble A KRLS I have already recommended a good hairdresser this morning, will be more presentable and will seem less gone. Now I recommend a good bell for your pets...LaSilentosaCat LaRepublicaNoIdiot
AGAINST	Well, my first wish is that I want to take into account all the money that Spain has stolen from Catalonia, so making me a millionaire, it's a lot of money- said the indepe. Okay, granted wish. They appeared, because billions of euros but then disappeared.What happened?- asked
AGAINST	Tonalba Yes, fascist, we already know that if you were to cast caustic soda directly into Inés Arrimadas' body, you have only failed to say that. That is the reason why we must fight against the exclusive supremacism that you represent.
AGAINST	If today's fake strike serves anything, it is to prove that that 80% of the cat we want to decide in referendum is more false than the love of Junqueras Spain. That 80%, or a very high percentage, would have supported the strike today. They must stop talking on behalf of everyone.
AGAINST	Since international observers do not understand Catalan or have headphones, Marchena decrees that the translation will be consecutive and not simultaneous.
AGAINST	Guardiola, on imprisoned politicians: They are in jail for crimes they have not committed
AGAINST	ElAguijon From selfies with Ana Botella to give his support to separatism when he ran out of chollo, all for pasta.
NONE	El_Universal_Mx Says conacyt director Maria Elena Alvarez-Buyla that the candidate fulfills the measures... and that she was satisfied and happy...
AGAINST	16.02.2019, village of berga, making himself the dead for lying a little more. This is one of the reasons and not the only one, for which the Catalan people do not want independence, because it knows and is certain, k the only k offer the thugs is THEATRO, LIERAS and MISERIA.
AGAINST	AlexAco90918687 Well, I've been blocked, too, and I haven't even said anything to him.It seems that if you follow UMCmossos the girl is blocking, if I do RT and MG in this constitutionalist moss account you're blocking.It's not the 1°vez that happens to me What a level!
FAVOR	Less than ONE hour left for 17:14h INDEPE TIME!!! IndepeHourCAT.. Today's theme:.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
AGAINST	Today, on First Floors, 'The'moss' that has sentenced Junqueras and Puigdemont'
FAVOR	The logic of the Supreme Court: -Puigdemont cannot be a witness by video because it is important to be physically present, but... -No international observers are needed because there is video and it is not so important to be physically present.?
NONE	When the dean of the supreme court of the country speaks in heteronormative existential pattern, it is because the country is irreparably lost. The subject uses vagrancy vocabulary of LGBT militancy as if speaking of constitutional norms. Shame. Call the corporal and the soldier!
FAVOR	RT MonicaBarcelona: 'Images of people who seemed to bleed...' neutral prosecutor Zaragoza. JudgesFarsa judicialademocracia joacuso...
AGAINST	With our beloved beatrizbecerrab loved by all Venezuelans, his struggle for freedom, democracy and respect for human rights has been tireless.
AGAINST	JavierLezaola pharaoh So the unsavvy ones want to be if they're so peaceful? Don't they plan to exercise that monopoly of violence?
FAVOR	Salvadostv ObjectiveThe Sixth Those who lick the Empire's ass repudiate the interview to Maduro because his media manipulations fade if he is allowed to speak to the Spaniards for a while. That's why they fear, bark and drool showing their anti-democratic fascism and their Nazi brushstrokes.
FAVOR	abravo32 RafaColono AlfonsoIXLeon vlc_JI CODEXREVISUS silvia_yucca Capdecul1 rumbletoe lovenjaire canilero9 RAGAFO1 auroraborreal88 aerbros David_n_Goliat ElPaco17170917 Julii1985 LauraFangs may_adell bla_7863 JordiMasFont Morafanova RamonBerenguerI barnazen jordivergesb ap_poch crmontoro Jren27307674 kiko0243 Argumentse for JesusPase2 Ibermensch states_spain 33Joanot TabarniaOn fhaherrera be1infern Breguetan Blamitter Oletros hlcannibal vivi190473 monsunez nuriapatona Sam46a VictorTabarnia NarSpainTietra DonTenori14 CDRTAbarnia FerranBefore Xipress Pidela you are already on board and on board, you are already on board.
FAVOR	L'HORA INDEPE HA ARRIBAT - INDEPENDENCE HOUR - Every day at 17:14!! FreedomForCatalunya Pasaloooo!! FemXarxa JudiciTV3CatRàdio
FAVOR	Boye_g insults us every day, calls us sick and intoxicated, but if JosepBorrellF comes to Catalonia, and someone insults him, all his ultra-right colleagues will go out to denounce him and call us violent to all the independenceists.
FAVOR	It is difficult, but the prosecutor Fidel Chaina is increasingly whiter, the result of the interrogation with Joaquin Forn... seems to have required little in his professional career?? JoAccuso JuicioProces
FAVOR	Go, go, go, the constitutionalists passing through the arch of triumph the constitution? Who was going to tell me that I wasn't going to believe it, or maybe yes, the more they talk are usually the more they should shut up HappyTuesday General Elections28April IFYouCan
AGAINST	? Enlargement Jordi Turull: Spain's government, less political, has been willing to make every JudgementProces
FAVOR	Carlesenric Carles looks like you're looking forward to Inés leaving the party. It's sad that you're a vox now. Respectable, but sad that jacket change. Among the three constitutionalist parties we wouldn't have to attack. The extremes justify the other extremes.
AGAINST	And if you're living outside of Spain...Vote!........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................ 
FAVOR	perspectives but always converging on the same concept. No fissures or doubts." From here comes also the famous phrase: "If a lie is repeated enough, it ends up becoming truth." Inés Arrimadas untiringly executes this principle at all times.
FAVOR	add_asoc EmparMallol JuanMa_Moreno As Andalusian, I forbid you to speak in my name, shameless. I live in Catalonia happy and fighting for our independence, so you wash your mouth before naming me.
FAVOR	Let's remember the words of the general director for the Infància of the government of Pedro Sánchez: I couldn't get an eye on my comfortable bed thinking that Junqueras slept in a modest four jailer supporting the snoring of his cellmate This is the PSOE. We don't forget it.
AGAINST	J_Zaragoza_ The Catalan constitutionalists have been praying for years for the end of adoption... And the Psc as if it heard rain. We deduce that you like that practice and it is already good for you. In April and May you will understand what the people want to come. If possible, now!!
AGAINST	Vox will point my name when I decide to join, to join forces and create the country that we deserve, with freedom, without separatisms or feminazims.
AGAINST	?Cristiano_Brown: The Socialist Voter sees that Sánchez has handed over to the country. Nowhere is it written that to be on the left one has to embrace nationalism The UntouchablesTv
AGAINST	IBM_ES alejandrodelga Very well for including in your Mobile World Congress announcement a piece of illegal separatist flag, and thank you for insulting us all Spaniards, I will never buy a product of yours and I will try to make my acquaintances do it neither, buy them from the separatists.
AGAINST	Teresa Pallarès, director at the most corrupt time of the PSC in Reus, a defender at the extreme of the Catalan coups VeletaLazi.............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................. 
FAVOR	SanchezDimission The Philofranquista Casado utters the word 'felon' on TV and thousands of late fascists repeat 'felon' on Twitter
NONE	The Generalitat and the Parliament closed, the Seat at full performance. The failure of the general strike, supported by sabotage and intimidation, should cause the independence leadership to reflect by Enric_Hernandez
AGAINST	The PSOE is on the move. I am sure that with the illusion of continuing a government work that we are proud of and the push of thousands of people who want a Spain of progress we will get a great socialist majority on 28A. Today, together with my colleagues in the CEF
FAVOR	Raül Romeva is giving a review to the anti-democratic Spanish state on democracy, IMPRESSIONANT. Self-determination is freedom of expression clearly reflected in the Constitution.
AGAINST	?Colau will pay with public money his trip to Madrid in support of the coups for the trial of the 1-O LaSilenciosaCat TiraníaNationalista Spain Tabarnia
AGAINST	fjosealcaraz Did Lorraine Roldán make you sit next to Bildu??? VictorTabarnia this is still indepe!!! Look what she has done. She is kind.
NONE	Remember that on October 11 in ACoruña you will be able to enjoy in the Palace of the Opera a wonderful and renewed concert of Bustamante that you cannot miss.TourHeroes is waiting for you!! Already on sale the tickets!...
NONE	Gentlemen... The speech of Mexican Daniel Habif at the VenezuelaAidLive concert moved the soul and tear glands of an entire nation... It will be remembered and evoked by all those who feel discouraged or doubt that Venezuela will be FREE.
FAVOR	juanletux Malcor01 Poca Tv3 you've seen. It's clear that calling them hitters is very neutral...
FAVOR	BHispania MonederoJC You're wrong, those of Podemos have a goal, at least to enforce the social articles of the Spanish constitution and the articles of the human rights of the UN (which Spain committed to fulfill).And skates with Iran, those are yours, which VOX confirmed.
NONE	On this day: 15 years ago, in 2004, a 16-year-old, named Lionel Messi, made his debut for Barcelona B... The rest is history!
FAVOR	26/09/18 sanchezcastejon meritxell_batt frommoncloa justiciagob PowerJudicialEs fiscal_es We are still waiting for the release of the 9 hostages that the State has kidnapped in Lledoners, Puig de les Basses and Mas d'Enric FreeTothom FreedomPressPolicies
AGAINST	I have several weighty arguments to vote for VOX, if these I add all the progress and separate millionaires like: Wyoming, Mateo, Buenafuente, Ébole, Eva Hache, Coletas, Irene Montero, Dolera, Rufián, Ferreras, Garzón, Sánchez, Maestre, Escolar, Echenique. Follow meYTeSigoVOX
AGAINST	Ada Colau lives from the conflict to hide her mismanagement of Barcelona????Barcelonas deserve to recover our city with a mayor manualvalls who really manages and solves the problems VolemManuelValls VallsBCN2019
FAVOR	M_Presidency carmencalvo_ Inmujer No to the PASTELEO POLITICAL so the next 28A I will vote United we can
FAVOR	Tops saying that we want to make it clear that in Spain there is no Democracy!! Well madam and you as you call it.. -Artists imprisoned for expressing and without trial. -Political pressures and repression for putting ballot boxes. -Apply 155 to a community. -Rising to a dictator.
FAVOR	Mr. Nieto, apart from being a liar, proves to be a tracer and miserable person, and you are under oath... what shame of judgment...
AGAINST	vox_es jaimeberenguer Huelga MARXISTA that uses women as THROY'S HAIR to inoculate their anti-system ideology. The women's lobby is funded by those who want to destroy Western culture. StopFeminazis YoNoVoy8M 8MNoMeRepresents FollowYTeSigoVOX
AGAINST	Bernat_Doria This is more Catalan than Puigdemont. On TV3 it has long since ceased to be a public TV and moved to a thematic chain of hatred for the Spaniards. It is for the exclusive use of independent fanatics, they need their ration of hatred and celebrity washing.
AGAINST	Internal Affairs quotes the mosso who responded to a protestor that "the republic does not exist"
FAVOR	CitizenP1 Vicentelozano Carlesenric I have nothing against the decisions of each party (of the constitutionalists), they will know. My only concern is the good march of the whole country. Of course I can be wrong.
AGAINST	Perlorent1 Kicking into reality that of the independenceists... but reality does not disappear...
NONE	Puigdemont, ready for a cordial interview with Arrimadas this Sunday
FAVOR	MHP Puigdemont told Pérez De los Cobos, in his words, that the supreme good, the superior good or the sacred good was coexistence. Pérez De los Cobos tell him that the superior good is coexistence in a supposed rebellion has made him think nothing?
FAVOR	These budgets were no wonder, but they greatly improved those approved by the Rajoy government. That the right and the independenceists have buried it is a very bad news for the social majority.
AGAINST	It's NOT NO, sanchezcastejon, we're not going to let you lower your pants to the demands of the Catalan independenceists for staying in the chair of the Moncloa. Enough! STOPSanchez10F
AGAINST	RT VanAndNum: This is fadcismp. Twitter Spain allows separatists to target the witness protected by Marchena
AGAINST	In Catalonia we have an uncontrolled government that cancels full for going to a trial to those who gave a blow to democracy. It is enough to subdue and denigrate the Catalan institutions. As the first party of the opposition we will continue to defend the rights of all Catalans.
AGAINST	NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT2 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1 NT1
FAVOR	Spain, about to be described as "defective democracy" by the "repression" in Catalonia The Economist's annual report leaves the country as the second most democratic European HappySaturday
NONE	RT Andin_22_: I can't stop watching this video kkkkk
AGAINST	Thank you DulceDesazon for the contribution. election2019votorights Map with the seats corresponding to each constituency The 28th vote with knowledge The SENADO is very important, for all VOX, popular party and CS
FAVOR	Recognition of supplements in the lowest pensions.No pension below SMI Pensionsworthy GovernmentWhoever governs pensionazo_no PactDeLaVerguenza MareaNord catalunya_marea
AGAINST	I want to give my loudest and loudest applause to the hotel in Madrid that has thrown all Catalan independenceists into the fucking streetNAZIS???????????? The owner of the hotel in Madrid booked by TV3 throws them all 'on the street' knowing that they are indepes
AGAINST	Llibertatcat You portray yourself perfectly by matching your imprisoned politicians with an Assassin Fleece. And you make your human quality clear when you treat him as a hero. I wish life will restore all the damage you are doing, miserable.
FAVOR	The President in exile, Carles Puigdemont, has charged against the President of the European Parliament, Antonio Tajani.
AGAINST	90% of the children who repeat courses in Catalonia are Spanish-speaking. Only 10% Catalan-speaking. This is the "model of success" that "does not touch" supremacist nationalism, that of the social engineers of Catalan nationalism. Let's not forget.
FAVOR	Marchena does not let speak in Catalan because it would not be understood by those who are watching the trial on TV or the Internet. Is the trial a spectacle? The priority is not the rights of political prisoners?
AGAINST	Now that finally there will be elections28April there are two things that worry me: The Electoral (Injust) Law and Citizen VeletismCs. Follow meYTeSigoVOX SpainViva YoVotoVox Follow meYTeSigoVOXMany SanchezGameOver VOXAdvances VoxExtremeNecessity VoxUtil
NONE	TV-3 recognizes for the first time that the declaration of independence was 'fake'
AGAINST	I remember the pressure exerted by the unions in the companies to make an hour's stop. The comrades we decided not to join us are happy to see how the population was brazenly manipulated by spreading the bubble of the good and peaceful voters TrialDelProces
NONE	RT Leandrinhooo25: Someone speaks cmg
FAVOR	Voting is not a crime, it is not in the penal code, instead, preventing voting if it is Oriol Junqueras FakeSuprem FakeJustice FakeTrial JoAccuso
NONE	Seriously every time I see a Tweet of this I get mt bad pq you see sometimes the person is already bad and is just wanting to distract and then comes up with this and a little pain
FAVOR	At the Table of ObjectiveElections there is only one person who deserves all my respect, who does not posture, that person has his own name and it is IoneBelarra... the 28 April I will vote for NowWe can because I will support those who have demonstrated with their work to be trustworthy.
AGAINST	?? Paula Martín is a researcher and has been selected as one of the 100 leaders of tomorrow in biotechnology.?? We need to retain talent and reconciliation for women to open lines of research. I would like to go back and wait this way.
FAVOR	JudgesTV3CatRàdio Romeva, accused, the fucking master of the Supreme
AGAINST	The independence parties who shout so much against 155 do everything not to avoid it. They did so with the DUI. They do so by burying the government of Pedro pedrosanchez. Opening the door to the right. They do not learn, they have reached their maximum level of incompetence. 28A
AGAINST	The separatist leaders believed that they were unpunished and that they were above the law. InesynisedSince citizens we warned on many occasions that they could not use the census with personal data and public schools to commit an illegal act" in DebatAlRojoVivo
NONE	RT AlbertoRodNews: Oppenheimer: Guaidó is the bravest political figure in Latin America
FAVOR	RT CNICatalunya: Cruella Arrimadas moves to Madrid because it will be able to work better on the real problemsTM of Catalans
FAVOR	RT aserbijoux: Millo sobre Puigdemont: He told me he couldn't back off.
FAVOR	Go ahead. So the one who was vice president of the government with Rajoy on the 1st MINTIÓ to all the Spanish and has lied at the trial of the trial. No 400, no 95 wounded cops. The truth is that there were 0 wounded...
NONE	Nicolás Maduro declares the 'total' closure of the border with Colombia
AGAINST	RT megan_frox: Four months left? Carles Riera: We hope the government will give effect to the republic in nine months
FAVOR	DaniMateoAgain Cusdo stop seeing Madrid alone, you will see that Independence is an act of survival. And when I say Madrid I mean state not citizenship. 2MM people don't turn overnight into independenceists. He thinks that some sure reason exists.
AGAINST	Last Hour European Parliament HappyThursday?Rejected the ERC proposal?NO POLICE VIOLENCE?Justice for our FFCCSE EquiparacionAlready jusapol AFAPOL_ LaSilenciosaCat
AGAINST	I leave a POSITIVE and REASONABLE sanchezcastejon.... SELECTIVE Memory, not pending CORRUPTION, see that ERE Falconetti...... will never hear so many FALACIES in just 30sec..... Spain voted with COHERENCE elections 2019votorights....
FAVOR	InesCity UpholsteredCs Apply the story. You humiliate every day thousands of independenceists! Go to Madrid now... pliiiiiiis
FAVOR	Catalonia is one of the richest regions in Europe, the rest of Spain is very poor, the EU will accept independence in exchange for not leaving the union, this judgment will speed up everything.
NONE	RT InfosFuteboI: "Ronaldo is the greatest player in history!" - Zlatan Ibrahimovic
FAVOR	We have to make right to water a reality, today that is a privilege for some. I accompany two years ago leaders of Independence and now that they are already in the process of handing over work we demand together that the outstanding problems be solved by the consortium.
AGAINST	The separatists know that we must win the war of misinformation, and they are willing to spend whatever it takes. Our government must act with all its resources to counter this campaign of contempt of our country CCivicaCatalana JosepBorrellF
AGAINST	A big anniversary party of canasporespana Santi_ABASCAL brings together 1,000 young people at the Teatro Barceló in Madrid Thank you therefore, President!
FAVOR	Mini HILO The PSOE negotiates with the DS and the indepes, so that he remains like the one who governs the ESP without the resulting CAT Once the fringes are closed, he becomes angry, divides well to the right, empties Podemos and summons elections He remains like the savior and voilà!
AGAINST	RT de_becquer: Follow meYTeSigoVOX Vox sympathizers have proposed a string with the HAShTACK Follow meYTeSigoVOX BySpain The...
FAVOR	You have to explain what fascism is, you have to explain how its propaganda works, you have to explain how it is deactivated, you have to explain T O D O put the stack, Caballeros.
FAVOR	Hugomabarca On the other hand, if you can decide to remove and put a president in Venezuela, why can't they do it in Spain?, vigilance don't make you a 155, which practices already have done.
AGAINST	The PSOE would have to explain to Spain that it makes an agreement with this type of nationalists and coups
FAVOR	Qualified people say it...because they're not just political agents...Welcome to the story of the Spanish maid!!! AimMyNameVox NoSurrenderCat
AGAINST	His story is the story of the triumph of democracy within the PSOE. With two balls. Of course, his comparison with Obama is not lacking.
NONE	The moderate wing of the party refuses to yield the baton to the Creed and Puigdemont in the making of the lists
AGAINST	The radicality of the independenceists has been imposed on the general interests of the citizenry; they have done the dirty work to the right, a historical error of which I think they will regret! There will be no referendum of self-determination... neither yesterday, neither today, nor tomorrow!
AGAINST	Interesting thread on how to manufacture and circulate fakenews about Vox. Read it from the beginning. The curious thing is that they find it fun. And that the promoter of the idea is journalist (or collaborates in media). Then they say that if Putin and such finally
NONE	LAST HOUR: Oriol Junqueras only answers your defense questions TrialProces
NONE	LAST DAY Nicolás Maduro announces the rupture of diplomatic relations with the Fascist Government of Colombia
FAVOR	TrialProcedure: The defense strategy of the defendants shortcircuits the narrative of the independence parties Inform IvanVila_A
AGAINST	First Planes! Maduro, Bannon and Artadi in times of 155
FAVOR	SavedMaduro I apologize to the voters on the right, not to say and warn that Venezuela is not next to Murcia, which is another country They were already asking a 155
AGAINST	HispaniaSpain jusapol AFAPOL_ Because they protect us and take care of us, I too will go 6AprilMadrid Because EquiparacionIt is already justice because jusapol and AFAPOL_ inspire me trust Because our civil guard and our POLUC deserve ALL, so I will also make the effort and accompany them.
NONE	The lawyer Fernando Fernández explained that in Venezuela there is a new mode of intervention through financial sanctions and diplomatic siege
FAVOR	MariadelMarMen9 RupertCocke sarcasmodigame To me I do not bother, on the contrary. To whom it annoys the politicians and supporters of PP, Cs and Vox, to a lesser extent to PSOE. Have you understood the following phrase? "This is the MetaCastilla, the one that killed Las Españas".
AGAINST	RT goslum:,but one speaker of the trade union of separatists contradicts Savater
AGAINST	Nihil novum sub sole. CatEnComu_Podem at the hands of separatists when it comes to weakening and attacking the institutions of our democracy.
FAVOR	'Felisuco' says that in Germany there are no independent parties allowed... And the Bavarian (independent) Party responds to him
AGAINST	The purpose of this request is only to know who of these workers are really qualified to care for women victims of ill-treatment and who are mere leftist political agents dedicated to empowering and promoting the gender industry.
NONE	If I wanted a politically correct president I would have voted in the Navy. I voted in the Bolsonaro was for him to show the reality itself and beat forward!
FAVOR	Junqueras: The declaration of independence was the response to the mandate given by the ballot boxes of the 27-S and 1-O TrialProces
AGAINST	It is striking that many who deny Spain, say the State, support separatism and cultivate the black legend, discover Spanish cinema only on the night of the Goyas, that murmur of the people of the eyebrow. For me they confuse epic with public subsidy.
FAVOR	The referendum was not illegal, there is no law to say it. The police carried out a judicial mandate and did so with excessive force and heed in some cases. People used their right to protest and defended their right to vote.
AGAINST	And as the trial begins, this is what happens in the buildings of the Generalitat. DolcaCataluña jacobialcalde Barcelona tabarnia Spain unioneuropea
FAVOR	XSaraimartin Turull: The Spanish government fails to comply with each and every one of the rulings of the CT and nothing happens; I fail to comply with a requirement and I have been in prison for a year, and this is not to pursue the independence ideology?...
AGAINST	It is no wonder that this precept was incorporated into the Catalan Constitution from CiutadansVic. For them the constitutionalist parties are a hindrance in the plans of the republic. An entity that would be born with serious democratic defects such as the absence of pluralism.
AGAINST	This does not go of independence, this goes of respect and equality?? Today the separatists have ignored the appearance of ShaAcabat in parliamentcat not even presenting themselves, showing a lack of respect towards our institutions? Thanks CiutadansCs for the invitation???
AGAINST	IzcaNational But you want to be complicit stay at home and leave the Catalans alone, the vast majority do not want a referendum and much less independence. Don't think but you know what you're talking about.
AGAINST	Trial of a CDR for illegal possession of weapons, as he was carrying an American fuck and fist in an independence march
FAVOR	We like the idea of Ramon Espinar: "As long as we do not put on the table a vertebrate Spain, democratic and from the left, the right or the independenceists win. "Dialogue is a mechanism but not the proposal to solve the territorial crisis. RumboUrnasARV
AGAINST	Sánchez does not close to re-agree with the independenceists after the 28A elections. Nor do I close to understand myself with C's, the PP or Podemos"... has apostilled in line followed when he has been warned during the interview. SánchezEnRTVE
FAVOR	EP_President Seeing as people like you open the doors of the EU to fascism (VOX) and silence the dissidence, and as Maduro plants them face, there is no doubt which side to be on. TajaniPuppetOfFascism
FAVOR	RT horse100: Inés Arrimadas, the policy shadowing its leader
AGAINST	Commissioner Trapote: There were problems in a hotel in Figueras, Maresme and Reus, where an independent crowd was gathered to protest the presence of CNP and the GC. But the rotten haters will have the face to say that this was not violence.
FAVOR	How good it is to bury things to these two parties, to dig up to do justice no longer, that is already annoying, the buried well buried is, the tied well is and so we have been tied for decades ElectionsGeneral28April IFCan??
NONE	Monica Bergamo had made a story in which she accused Chancellor Ernesto Araújo's father of covering up a Nazi. Today, she left story saying that, in fact, he recommended the extradition of this Nazi. Do you know what should be done?
AGAINST	Respect is like money, you can ask for it but it's best to earn it. FCSEs suffer a historic gap of decades of agreements that have led to this inequality since the 1990s.
FAVOR	Notice to navigators, the bones TeoGarciaEgea has already made it clear that the PPopular will agree with V?X. You decide Democracy or Dictatorship AlwaysPSOE VotaPSOE
FAVOR	CurrencyJC Spanish left, to run more and to win elections. They will eat you. Nosaltes marxem JoAccuso JudiciFarsa JudiciProcese JudiciAlaDemocracia
AGAINST	TrialDirect Trials – Perez de los Cobos: As time went by, fewer actions were made due to the enormous physical wear and tear of the agents.
FAVOR	juanmalpr That do not be deceived in unidopodesmos. PsoE's PREFERENT partner is C'S. Against the political pasteleo and for social justice, the next 28th I WILL VOTE....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
AGAINST	EnricMillo Here you try to remove the detainees from the outside and observe the violence with which you try to prevent the departure of the judicial committee (by car) that have to intervene mossos and civil guard Trial TrialProceeding
FAVOR	In defense of democracy, yes, we can unite. For us to be republican. A referendum and that we all vote. It is lawful to want independence as not to want it. The important thing is to respect ourselves. And to reach agreements.
AGAINST	It is a great loss for Catalan constitutionalism the leap from Inés Arrimadas to national politics. But if there is the expected change of government on 28-A, it could continue to help us as a minister. My bet: Minister of Interior. And there I leave it.
FAVOR	The European Parliament censors two democratic and democratic presidents but allows acts to Nazis. Racism and Catalanophobia expand. Fascism grows. Dark times come.
AGAINST	ManuelGar2013 Thank you for showing the majority position of the working people, honesty and principles of the good people, the majority. PNV and Arzallus and Ibarretxe ultrafascism ethnic. ETA: terrorist gang. Terrorism is fascism. Some move to the tree, others pick up the nuts.
AGAINST	FourAlday13 Many questions for Albert, the defender of the controversial wall of Olot City Hall: Would you see that in this same poster the faces of the independence leaders appeared? You can follow us here.
FAVOR	- There are those who say that in Catalonia we discriminate against the Castilian and that we lock in ghettos to those who speak it. - Who says that? - They say that. - Who? - I don't know...
FAVOR	The goal is clear: to generate a feeling of guilt by association with third parties. It seems that the topic does not hold up, right? FakeNews fellow with access to Google and the Commercial Registry. Congratulations for this "research journalism". I don't think it requires further clarification
AGAINST	In 1981 Pérez de los Cobos was a 17-year-old pup, but he was already involved in coup attempts and so on. A crack, the kid.
FAVOR	The 28-A will be the first stress test for independence. AgustiColomines's opinion
NONE	The United States congratulates Acting President Juan Guaidó for his successful diplomatic efforts in the region and for a safe return to Venezuela.
AGAINST	Hello Pablo_Churches_ I leave a video to the possible voters still of Podemos not going to be that you forget to include it in your Campaign2019 28AprilElections ElectionsGeneral28April to make things clear PodemosChavismo VenezuelaFree. You're welcome?
AGAINST	LorePond When they say that a man is rapist and mistreater for having been born with penis is that something is failing.NoSpeakingInMy Name INoVoy8M SpainLive 8M
NONE	The worst blind man is the one who doesn't want to listen. (Vitin Lispector)
AGAINST	RT crpandemonium: Fuck, it's the easiest choice of my life: the loss of autonomy and 155 perpetuity and with TIRABUZON.
FAVOR	Lozanoirene??? you have heard the whole world: voting is a rape. What I don't understand is how La Manada is on the street and our elected politicians and INOCENTES in prison. So everyone understands what Ñ is and that Catalonia is not Spain. ThisIsTheRealSpain
AGAINST	&gt;Again Antonio_Tajani, President of the European Parliament, takes the flag of clarity: No one in our house, in Europe, will recognize Catalonia's independence
AGAINST	RLouzad raulromeva You have a statue, you like it or it's not another discussion, but you do. Zanganos have been spending ALL my money in the process for years (not to mention 3% and so on), health? Social services? Barracks? Nothing, everything for the process. Separatist leaders are pariahs.
AGAINST	RT WillyTolerdoo: juanstoivars PP+Cs+VOX or we will depend on Baptists and separatists to form government.
FAVOR	alb_pascual Don't you realize that 155 isn't still within our security forces, that they have taken away the power to fire, recriminate and order?
AGAINST	This document is an appeal for the immediate implementation of Article 155 of the Magna Charter, and only from the point of view of ethical cowardice and a pusilanimous exercise of power is understandable the conduct of Sánchez HayquecharaSánchez via abc_es
AGAINST	We go out on the street, defend respect and protect all women. Except when you are Inés Arrimadas, Rosa Díez, Cristina Cifuentes, the judicial secretary of 20-S, the girls of Alsasua or the victim of the Magrebí command. 8MNoMeRepresents EqualityInFreedom
NONE	No one has the courage but I'll talk, lemonade mouth deserved the same recognition as high school music. The songs are all good, the performances are amazing and the whole movie is flawless
NONE	RT CorunaNews: LaOpinionCoruna – David Bustamante will perform on October 11 at the Opera Palace
AGAINST	AnaHHRR IvanVelez72 Listening to the testimony of José Antonio Nieto in the trial of the couptists I have to give you the reason: they are the people. They are a fine witness. Perfect. The couptists are, now more than ever, sentenced. Trapero, able to end up fleeing... When he touches the colonel of Los Cobos, he will finish.
FAVOR	favioangulo ivanedlm CitizensCs That ignorance is bad, you don't even have the most remote idea of what C's is for separatists, you have to keep walking much further towards the center and once there you understand it, be patriotic, but never nationalist.
FAVOR	oguardingo puen_cat Unidos Podemos does not have a clear line in Catalonia. That, or they do not explain it well. I fully understand that Catalan independenceists did not support the 2019 PGE, having aside from their leaders accused in a farce of Judgment. If Sánchez would not have wanted us to be like this...
FAVOR	March Judge to State Counsel: It is important that you ask your question concisely and that you do not want the answer to satisfy you.
AGAINST	RT dsegoviaatienza: Inés Arrimadas will go to Waterloo to make the clown as already did his countryman Alvaro Ojeda who unfortunately is my t...
AGAINST	unchinodechina JoseGarreTP AITOR_ESTEBAN A shame, it starts like this and ends with Arrimadas walking through Olot.
AGAINST	Extension Jordi Turull: Organizing a referendum does not deserve criminal prosecution Trials
FAVOR	Oriol Junqueras is putting the defense of the Republic ahead of his own defense. He may or may not agree with his political positions, but his integrity is beyond doubt.
FAVOR	Learn Marchena, censor: 1 image is worth more than 1000 words The second one I don't think you understand...
AGAINST	Torrent, on the MPs: The fact that they are in provisional detention is a serious distortion of the functioning of the Chamber. That had an easy solution: to have respected judicial resolutions and the law. They do not want to understand that there is no impunity because it is.
AGAINST	Nationalist patch: Puigdemont hangs out in the European Parliament to attend an exhibition organized by Ramón Tremosa on Catalan in the EU. They seek to save the ridiculous ban at their conference a few weeks ago. Epic!
AGAINST	An egg, willing to go to jail, when the prisoners were here, never released them.
FAVOR	To throw the stake we must throw one, some fort here, some fort there. In this monarchic regime heir to Francoism NoHayDemocracy for no people. Because this goes of democracy, that of all. On 16March 18h Atocha- Cibeles ls Republicans on the street!
FAVOR	CAT_police memory To those - I don't put the qualification they deserve - volunteers, remember, the 1-O got tired of their arms as never in their life of beating peaceful, unarmed, innocent and defenseless people who were in their home doing a legal activity, a referendum.
AGAINST	In a matter of hours, they have gone from rude and angry insults to half-Spain ("faces", "trident", "triphalic") to painting hearts and saying that in Spain we all fit. I don't know, Rick...
FAVOR	LaFallaras Also, seeing the interrogations, 90% of the questions in the TrialProces go in line with and what do you think or what do you think of that, rather than facts carried out by each person. That shows that it is a political trial with political prisoners and inquisitorial mentality.
AGAINST	The PP calls for cooperation from the German CDU in the face of the independenceist coup d'état via elnationalcat_e
AGAINST	The 'indepes' lynch in networks to the judicial secretary of the 20S
NONE	EU vetoes merger between Siemens and Alstom and infuriates Germany and France
AGAINST	Torra pulls her dirty hands full of xenophobia from the figure of Martin Luther King, never fought with hatred or insults, nor to create racial differentiations. He fought for a world so that all of you regardless of origin, creed or race would live in peace, unity and respect HappySaturday
AGAINST	If you are already talking about tombs (Rufián metro, Sánchez take out), bury the two Spains (Rivera) or apply an indefinite 155 (Married), on a rhetorical level and if we talk about extremes, what remains to be done in 69 days?
AGAINST	Xaviboadavila The feudal lord (another poor Don No one) believing that the world is at his service. See if you now believe that immigrants are your slaves. The indecent, more indecent, xenophobic and supremacist cannot be. And seeing the pints of sticklers you spend...
FAVOR	Ozeio Well Oltra should know, as he was already campaigning with his Puigdemont KK
NONE	Before being a villain, we get tired of being victims, so anger the man who only respects his initials.
FAVOR	Millo considers that the Generalitat was permissive with the road cuts on October 3, 2017. The data deny him. The day of the longest and most numerous cuts were on November 8, when the Mossos were already under his control.
AGAINST	And while the NODE to its own... The shame of using public institutions for partisan purposes, has no precedent (and sees that there was the high list) in all Spanish democracy. Rtve, the CIS, Moncloa, etc.
NONE	Interview with Margalida Bover: The first time I was told that I was an anarchist I was 9 years old. This libertarian-soul Mallorcan in love with Salvador Puig Antich months before his brutal execution
NONE	RT NewsVenezue: Juan Guaidó calls for mobilization throughout Venezuela on 23 February for humanitarian aid
NONE	RT Peralta_NN: Funny that this condom is the MASCULINA but the woman who is the scorned
NONE	Do you think your start-up can solve some of the challenges facing today's big companies? Sign up for Start4big and develop your solution along with Agbar cashew bank Naturgy SEATofficial Telefonica
FAVOR	The Prosecutor who used to go to the Ninot walls for Paco Santero paco_santero JoSócMurallaHumana JudiciFARSA JoAccuso
FAVOR	erchino79 explodarode 2smultititude xavigilrubio paeceque oriolguellipuig What has Spain negotiated regarding a possible agreed independence? Have you raised what conditions should be given to accept it? That's what unspeakable Catalans matter to your country. Zero.
FAVOR	Little has been heard, but I have the feeling that Catalan political prisoners have had more time than prosecutors, lawyers etc. to prepare. I regret in the deepest soul the prison they have suffered, but no doubt that their intelligence and strength remain intact.
AGAINST	Now that we're in the campaign politicians lower taxes, Casado promises to lower the IRPF. If you lower income you have to lower spending. The only party I see that lower spending is VOX by throwing out 82,000 advisors, eliminating foundations etc.
NONE	RTthecorteingles: Murciana_21 anaguerra We think it's a very good idea. We write it down!
FAVOR	RT RosamariVS: The first photo is from the Spanish Republic that some so enyoren, diem-ho tot.
FAVOR	vizcaone MariaSol666 LauraFrexas This highly studied, psychopaths see the rest of people as objects, as a means to reach an end. For Arrimadas and his friends the same thing is a woman who manufactures babies than a thermomix that makes gazpacho.
AGAINST	RT virpb: Independence, independence! And they go and present their candidacy in.... Madrid.
AGAINST	Arrimadas is unleashed by compulsively lying about ERC and pressing the judges on the existence of a coup d'état. It is clear that it is now only looking for an ultra uninformed vote.. It only saves VOX.
FAVOR	There was no crime at all on September 6 or 7 (TC dixit). Forcadell is in prison only for allowing a debate in a democratic parliament. The consequences include the closure of independent websites and attacks on freedom of expression little to do with the 6
AGAINST	Many thanks to all who participate in SiguemeYTeSigoVOX 1. Make RT 2. Follow those who retweet 3. Follow those who follow you! 4. Write a new tweet with the hashtag SiguemeYTeSigoVOX BySpain SpainViva Let's support vox_es
FAVOR	One where: -There is no animal abuse (towing, hunting...). -There is sexual diversity and rights (LGTB collective respect). -There are effective measures against macho violence. -Do not let people die in the sea. -The flag is not used as an oppressive symbol.
AGAINST	Another important transfer of Sánchez to the separatist narrative: violence.The government insists that in Catalonia there is "normality", while helping separatism to cover up and give "normality" to harassment, harassment, persecution and aggression to constitutionalists
NONE	Guardiola, he errs in his defenses against the imprisoned politicians despite the sanctions
AGAINST	A processionist went to the demonstration on Saturday but will not strike on Thursday. Catalunya is a processionist, not an independentist.
NONE	DIRECT DIRECT Millo: Junqueras told me he wanted things to be slower trial process 1O Supreme
AGAINST	I said it in the Catalan campaign: we can win and we can break the ballot boxes with illusion. I also said it in Andalusia: we can make history and we get the change. Cs is the game that makes reality what seems impossible Thank youInés
FAVOR	This trial of October 1 will be a showcase as the JJOOs of Barcelona'92 were, the world will see that Catalonia must free itself from this hatred, casposity and rage that the rest of the Spaniards have towards the Catalans, because without arguments they are able to imprison without more.
AGAINST	RT stonework0: Surely these events are not violence, after all they are starred by independenceists
FAVOR	If you detect someone who incites violence or hatred (whoever): BLOCK AND REPORT to the social network, be unionist OR NOT (infiltrated?)
AGAINST	diariARA Jajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajaja jajajajajajaja jajajajaja jajajajaja jajajajaja jajajajaja jajajajajaja jajajajajaja jajajajajaja jajajajaja jajajaja jajajaja jajajaja jajajajaja jajajajaja jajajajajaja jajajaja jajajajaja jajajajaja jajajaja jajajajaja jajajajaja jajajaja jajajajaja jajajajajajajaja jajajajajajajaja jajajajajajajaja jajajajaja jajajajaja jajajaja jajajaja is bromisssssssssssssssssss jajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajaja jajajajajajaja jajajajajajaja jajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajaja jajajajajajajajajajajajaja jajajajajajajajajajajaja jajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajaja ja ja ja ja ja jajajajajajajajaja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja are the lucky are the Catalan politicians Catalan politicians Catalan politicians who get the Catalan politicians that they politicians who get to continue to get to get to get to get to get to get to get to get to get to get to get to get to get to get to get to get to get to get to get them
AGAINST	To cast Sanchez. Apply the legal order in Catalonia. Clean the stables of bipartisanism and nationalism. Burn the stables. Eradicate privileges. Renovate the addicted air of public entities. And more. Soon.?
AGAINST	RT CCivicaCatalana: Here is how the press works in the advanced democracy of Catalonia.
AGAINST	Sanchez BURLA 1/2 Catalans not indepes like Torra........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
FAVOR	Well086 And you let the federal laws not allow it either, but the Supreme Court of Canada concluded that if that (the referendum) was the majority wish should be made
AGAINST	RT Bcnisnotcat_: And the Tabarnia Prize for the best photo of the year is for...? Madame ACTA IS MANUFACTURED by anonymous author. Congratulations!
AGAINST	I want to be able to vote for the independenceists to be deported to Ulan Bator, but like it would be an illegal referendum instead of burning the street.
FAVOR	sanchezcastejon I remind you that I will support ZP, the without violence you can talk about everything, the with Rajoy out of the Moncloa we will talk about everything, your support to 155, your unfulfilled economic promises. Our desire is freedom and we will win it
AGAINST	Somebody tell the fucking prosecutors that the InfoK is a TV3 children's telenews and stop giving ass every day with has seen the InfoK document.!???JudiciJudiciFarsaDeLaVergonya
FAVOR	ChakirelHomrani ccoocataluya if you're bothered by the paintings at your headquarters, I imagine that the violation of civil and labour rights that CAT is suffering from the institutionalized fascism of Ñ should not let you sleep... I say this because I haven't seen you giving support... well if... to those who subsidize you.
FAVOR	ArielKanievsky In Spain no citizen can lose his nationality if there is no express renunciation of it. No one can remove a citizen of Spain. Whoever has said this has no idea of a Spanish constitution.
FAVOR	Then the Rajoy government of the People's Party and supported by Citizens, agreed with the independenceists a referendum simulation and then destroyed the evidence, didn't it?? And then breaking Spain is taking a rapporteur...
FAVOR	Apply 155 indefinitely and appoint advisors from Madrid. That's how I like Casado. Let me be clear why you're an anti-democratic and authoritarian leader.?
FAVOR	JuanCladeRamon FALSO: Quebec's first referendum was alluded to (like CAT's, only illegal on the basis of an unsubstantiated TC political decision). More FALSO: East Timor wasn't even entitled according to your pseudo-legal reasoning, nor did Indonesia allow it. It made a referendum and today is an independent country.
FAVOR	I don't think Excel will give Vox so many names. Point outMyNameVox Trending Topic in 37 minutes, now n.1 in Spain
AGAINST	Mr. Sánchez has negotiated with those who have turned TV3 into a separatist propaganda apparatus. We have to stop this! Sanchismo has to end the next 28A so that we can have a public television for everyone.
AGAINST	You won't see it on TV3cat or hear it in CatalunyaRadio or rac1. Well or anywhere. But you can save it to say it when they lie about Spanish democracy.
NONE	Tomas Roncero representing all of Spain while playing Rankeds.
AGAINST	In the event of the presentation of the PSOE pre-campaign in Madrid, surrounded by comrades and companions committed to LaEspañaQuequeres and with a project for the future that is exciting, diverse, egalitarian and open.
FAVOR	1. They were warned that they would not be allowed to meet Guaidó. 2. They went to assemble the film to now give this news. 3. Obviously they will not be allowed to meet a coup player. 4. Go Pons, leave Venezuela and take a walk through Valencia that reminds you. 5. Hold Maduro!
NONE	The Governor of Táchira does not understand it. What is clear is that the adecos of all Venezuela and outside of it willingly recognize Guaidó as Acting President and that is the line of national leadership.
NONE	It was three more hours of class aaaaaaaaa
NONE	The theatreabadia, the cbamadrid and the Casa Encendida organize the cycle "The devastating speed of lying. On the 5th we host a debate on the FakeNews between Marta Peirano, Concha Barrigós, Alfonso Armada and Javier Gomá.
FAVOR	Spain like Nazi Germany with the Jews, does not recognize what happened on October 1, just as the Jews sought their extermination, the Catalans deserve what happened to us, according to a vast majority of Spaniards.
AGAINST	tferrerm Demostenes_eu Exhausted above3000_ Sapoconchus All the government action of nationalism has been directed to that. Linguistic immersion, appropriation of TV3, extermination of the Castilian exonyms in toponymy, sports selections, everything. And the worst: when it has ruled the PSC has done the same.
AGAINST	RT Neorubiodelpozo: Catalan education is mostly in the hands of pro-coupist nationalist professionals???
FAVOR	Nurcat5 Esquerra_ERC Pdemocratacat KRLS EXACTO. That's what happened. The only independentist in this story has been KRLS. I also, I think, some individual people, like the Jordis or Carme Forcadell. KRLS stopped the Catalan DS, with the satisfaction of the rest.
AGAINST	To help nicolasmaduro says Borrell that never an armed intervention led democracy to countries under dictatorship. He would have flu the day that was given in class on June 6, 1944. Or how democracy was imposed in Western Europe. Or in Japan. With more tanks than tyrants.
AGAINST	RTproposal: Important statement in the trialProces: Secretary of State for Security José Antonio Nieto.
AGAINST	_biolopez_ SGMareme I thought it was an indepe doing theater as always, wasn't it? is that we live so repressed in Cat, uff, I repress the shorts small size of yellow lace. I am very repressed, wait, I will insult another fascist neighbor, that I am free and thus express myself. Therapy
FAVOR	Next conferences in the European Parliament confirmed by Tajani EP_President -The myth of the six million. -Eugenia or the new future. -Hitler, Redeemer of Europe. -Good communist, dead communist. -Black people: those nice pets. TajaniPuppetOfFascism
NONE	RT F4L: The goal by this angle is the best thing you will see today! pqp..
FAVOR	Diui the prosecutor Fidel Chaina of the 1-O...human walls that throw themselves against the security forces.... It is clear, it is clear, it lacks to say... they throw their faces against the beatings and fists of the defenseless police... VERGONYA!!!! JudiciTV3CatRàdio
AGAINST	They could have been dedicated to improving health and education, for example. It was also part of the democratic mandate of society, demanded by ALL Catalans not only on the one hand, and they have passed it through the lining.
NONE	Teresa stabbed Carol in the back and now she's complaining that Carol voted her Danrley crying pq put friends in the wall but put Diego, Isabela, Gustavo Full Vitimism in this issue Kkkkkkkkkkkk BBB19
AGAINST	Catalonia's independence is unreal, since with the veto of a single country, which would be Spain, it would never enter Europe (to Turkey the veto 3). It would be its ruin. It would take 155 perpetual and would make them Abascal or Married if it is as hard as they say elections2019votorights
AGAINST	?? Enough! Sánchez's lies deserve an answer on the street.?? Constitutionalists have an appointment this Sunday in Madrid at the Plaza de Colón at 12 am STOPSánchez10F
AGAINST	?? Socialist Executive Meeting?that has certified the account with which we appear on 28A:? It has been 8 months profitable for citizens.?? Right have blocked social EMPs.?????????????? We aspire to obtain a clearly socialist majority. abalosmeco
AGAINST	TV-3 recognizes for the first time that the declaration of independence was 'fake'. Let's go wild, they caught your hair like idiots, or maybe you are, because you still believe it.
NONE	5Mar What are you disguised for? From Juan Guaidó jguaido answered a child to the animator of the contest during a Carnival event. He had put on a presidential band. Epa no one disguises the dead in the Super Carnivals Successful 2019 children also so clear that We're Good.
AGAINST	Civil Guard Association broadcasts a video with kicks in the head to agents deployed in the 1-O. But of course, the independenceists are the peaceful ones who did not resist and who always go with a smile.
FAVOR	On ecinter: Catalan Independenceists take advantage of Gibraltar to redouble their campaign in UK
FAVOR	Few more pathetic things than C's concealing that they're going to deal with V0x and pretending they haven't made a deal with them in Andalusia.
FAVOR	But if the left supported the last 155??... when the trifachito was fachito fachito. What's the difference?
FAVOR	Mercedes Milá: If there's 155 I'm becoming an independentist, I've just said before the possibility of another 155 as announced by the Trifachito.
FAVOR	Myquelgilcat raywalnut Yes, but that keeps the problem there. What I am trying to say is that this problem can be solved by nationalism esp. But for this it is necessary to carry out a reflection on the democratic path in this of national unity, its foundation, etc.
NONE	Mor Martí Galindo, the actor and collaborator of 'Crónicas Marcianas'
AGAINST	The Prosecutor asks him about the possibility and detection of violent agents in the CDRs (his reports) and Castellví wanders... I don't remember, he says.
AGAINST	txus75 Tonicanto1 What's wrong with us is having a beating police officer in the service of criminals.
FAVOR	The European Parliament vetoes Torra and Puigdemont, but it will allow a conference in Vox. If after this there is only one independentist who remains pro-EU or Europeanist, I swear I will fight independence as if I were living in it.
AGAINST	The Man on the couch shows understanding with the 'indepe' strike: With something to be entertained the retired CDRs, right?
FAVOR	Five years of those cruel murders of the GuardiaCivil on the Tarajal beach in Ceuta, 15 dead brothers, 15 drowned dreams, 15 broken families, 0 responsible. This is Spain the country where killing poor is free.
FAVOR	When Irene Lozano is asked if organizing a vote without permission deserves 25 years in prison then he has no opinion. All the unionist Tertullians cut by the same pattern. On that detail curiously never have an opinion because it is impossible to justify.
FAVOR	[LINGUA] "What does there justify in a sentence that maintains the historical exlusion of the Galician?" he denounces ideological and political presuppositions of the Supreme in the saying about Lugo's ordinance:
AGAINST	RT Official Tour: My congratulations to your daughter. When silence breaks, nationalism goes to hell, which is its place.
AGAINST	There is neither the Catalan Republic, there are no Catalan countries, there was no Catalan-Aragonese Crown... the world of the independentist is a constant lie.Ideologically everything is a lie, the only and true reason for this lie is money, only money.
FAVOR	There are two things that need to be banned as quickly as possible: 1) Let PP politicians come closer to less than 500 meters of public money. 2) Let priests, cardinals and bishops, come closer to less than 1,000 meters from where adolescents or children are.
AGAINST	RT enoticiscat: TV3 already pronounces sentence. Prisoners are innocent because the DUI was symbolic
AGAINST	We have ruled for the majority regardless of the ideologies of each person, we want a better country for all and all.Sanchezzastejon SánchezEnRTVE
AGAINST	Radical separatism points to and attacks the discordant. My strongest condemnation of these attitudes and all my support for this official.
NONE	And again that annoying process called democracy. That annoying fashion called democracy... INTERVIEW José Manuel Villegas, general secretary of Citizens: Qualifying as far right are out of date, Vox is populist via the newspaper
AGAINST	Millo about a conversation with Forn: asked him what's your opinion about what's going to happen on October 1st? [...] and he answered me with a phrase [...] 'that day we're going to ensure that the election day develops with total normality'.
FAVOR	The shadows of the Spanish state are increasing with regard to their responsibility in the bombings of the Ramblas of Barcelona. Margalló has already said that in August they would pass very serious things. And we continue for bingo CapALaIndependence
FAVOR	A coward, he gave himself up where he could at least find some justice, if he were a coward he would be fleeing in a country without extradition, and to live, the withdrawals of orders obey k if they don't today Puigdemont would be ruling and the prisoners on the street, with rage
AGAINST	This afternoon a 15-year-old has arrived at his home crying out of high school. Due to the independenceist pressure to which he is subjected. Until this beast that we have as president will allow this one if you live... You are the worst that Spain has had in many years.
FAVOR	The reasoning of the Prosecutor's Office with Forn is: as your ideology and your opinion is independent, then you used your position to use the Mossos in favor of independence. Tests?Who cares? TrialProces
FAVOR	FAQSrincondelvagoTV3 This is the fracture of Catalonia, the imported Fascism of Arrimadas that tries to overwhelm Catalan families, and it is so.
FAVOR	juansrod1 Who is doing it best? Lawyers of the defenses and statements of political prisoners!! Spain does not serve for a fair or unfair trial! JoSocMurallaHumana and flying!
FAVOR	GuevaraChepa cosmejuan I can't agree with you, I don't want independence, I'm angry with the things of Catalan politicians, but if we want Cat in Spain, for fucks we won't get it... many have already disconnected...
FAVOR	We are in the hands of bad people who want revenge, while progress does not look at this shame of judgment and look elsewhere. FakeJustice month324
FAVOR	DKVSafes And they caught 17 young people with expectations of work, 1 month's course, all October 017 and on the street warned on a Friday not to return on Monday. Little business dignity not? Abominable
AGAINST	spaip J_Zaragoza_ You know that I have never been convinced, very passive, they reach the sun that heats the most. Deal with separatists to control TV3, unforgivable.
FAVOR	ContramediosSM Manel_go HojasdeAlisio gallifantes Uy yes, the ayatollahs of Spanish nationalism are scandalized because a sacred book is burned, the non-nationalist constitutional Koran, which justifies issuing a fatwa; and from this it is concluded that there is hispanophobia. As for the deductive reasoning, wrong. Real examples?
AGAINST	??SanchezDimission???Albert_Rivera calls for a demonstration against Sánchez on Sunday in Colón.??The President of Citizens calls to mobilize in the streets for the betrayal of Spain by the President of the Government for the figure of the rapporteur.
FAVOR	RT HeriCunill: Fairy is the banana of the 21st century LaTrampaDelFairy
NONE	First false departure of Humberto Calderón, ambassador to Colombia appointed by Juan Guaidó. What he told El Tiempo about the Saleh case (which JM Santos never knew about this illegal deportation) is shocking. Is Calderón the ambassador of Guaidó or is he the spokesman of Santos?
FAVOR	AimMy NameVox on that huge list that must be keeping you. We know that you want to do with those names. It does not scare us and so along with many and many we will continue to work every day against Gender Violence.
AGAINST	Rodriguez Ibarra: "If when I was president of Extremadura I'm told there has to be a rapporteur, I'll fuck you up" Between independence and the breakdown of the Constitution, you can't be neutral
NONE	?DIRECTOR: No public funds were allocated to the referendum. And it's not that I say it, the intervention said it, Minister Montoro said it and Mr Rajoy..., says
FAVOR	CDRCatOfficially to meet the people yaaa there is that for Catalonia whole indefinitely that come after us we will go after our Republic yaa CORTAR FRONTERAS YAA FemXarxa ElPobleTornaAlCarrer OmplimSantJaume ElPoderDelPoble ElsCarrersSeranAlwaysOurs
FAVOR	Augustotarraco mpilarita4121 The conflict will end when the independenceists, abandon at once that someone baptizes with * The Republic does not exist idiot * And I apostilled. Neither exists nor will exist. And stop talking about the two million, that you have to count on enough more that we do not want to be.
FAVOR	jhumbertojm FiloPolitics jhama75 He meant: displace your opponent and you will have won. This also goes for the unpopulated hyperventilates.
AGAINST	What Villacís says that the PSOE of Sánchez is allied with the coup and with him can not citizens nor inherit but the PSOE of Madrid of Causapié is very different, it is an impeccable party to make a great coalition in Madrid. Citizens have entered into a suicidal delusion.
NONE	RT _Nandinho09: To out of dispute, I want is priority
FAVOR	LaPatriaSonPeople the vultures of the past never left... were there... lurking... waiting for the memory to die.
AGAINST	It lies as much as its predecessor, as all those who claim that the agreement is equalization. All the rise of the agreement, goes to the specific singular complement, without contemplating the C.E.General, or other remunerations.
FAVOR	Let's see, the ones in vox_es: If you want to start sharpening pencils, here are tens of thousands of people who have already pointed themselves out: AimMy NameVox Because we fight not only against macho violence, we fight against you.
FAVOR	RT narranjer: LibertoPalauSer Dumacbcn Esquerra_ERC Or they have some " dosier " committed to it. Or it is simply that it is unionist and can...
AGAINST	Image of the vote on the repeal of the Permanent PrisonRevisable PP - Against Cs - ANSWER! The Scumbag - Vote in favor!! The 28A we speak... damn defenders of murderers and rapists!!
FAVOR	JudiciTV3CatRàdio seems to me or Perez of the Cobos already knew the prosecution questions because if you lose the prosecutor makes you pointer
FAVOR	RT JoanQueralt: 1O Grand Nieto, former SGRALSSURITY: proposed to hold the referendum, despite being prohibited, in alternative places like...
AGAINST	So, no... journalism is a right and, without it, there is no democracy. Thanks to the camera and to Cristina Pampin for trying to report what happens despite everything.
NONE	Mônica Bergamo: "Wagner Moura informed Boulos that Marighella, will have his first exhibition in Brazil in an occupation of MTST". Nothing more fair, the film about the terrorist assassin will be shown to other terrorists. The PCC only lacks to make the security of the event.
AGAINST	My doubt is if when Citizens slapped in Catalonia with Arrimadas and Valls in mayor's office he will resign Albert Rivera. I remember when in 2007 he said that he would not make himself eternal in politics. Maximum two legislatures... and he wears uff... retires in politics. Chollazo!
NONE	It's funny how in the collection there are common places that are contrary to common sense and you end up taking the exception as a rule. I remember what it used to be like to hear in the world of fluffy cinema as less is more.
NONE	Millo: Puigdemont had a politically suicidal approach trial
FAVOR	quimforn.quimforn: Spanish Police and Civil Guard proceedings broke down on October 1. There was no collision between police ends Xavier Melero's interrogation of Joaquim Forn
FAVOR	JoanMani Spain is the country that sells weapons to Saudi Arabia, a fascist dictatorial country, so that it can make genocides in Yemen and at the same time demands democracy to Venezuela. Spain is the country that beats voters in Catalonia and at the same time calls for democracy in Venezuela.
NONE	Excellent interview with Eduard Martin Lineros "The 5G will revolutionize surgical interventions, industry and road traffic" MWCapital UOCeimt
FAVOR	Profile of the good Rapporteur: good connoisseur of Catalonia. of his political parties. And of his leaders, of his Finances and of his Robos. Why not Jordi Pujol i Solei who has already stolen everything that had to be stolen?
NONE	RT hhrmexic: Maduro recruits young Cubans to lead them to Venezuela to defend his regime.
NONE	The democratic response to SOTU comes from the hand of Stacey Abrams, the first black woman to offer the reply: We need Trump to tell the truth. Noainny's chronicle
AGAINST	The CDR's attitude in the country's unemployment is damaging the prisoners' speech to the Supreme
AGAINST	They called him sick to the deputy of Andalusian VOX... but nobody talks about this, see the finger pointing at the moon, not the moon OutsideChiringuitosDeGenero Follow meTeSigoVOX VOXSaleaWin
FAVOR	It's sad to have q endure still jokes and comments homophobic x the simple fact of giving a kiss to my boyfriend as any other couple would...... LGTBI LGTBIphobia AimMy NameVox
FAVOR	ObjectiveElections Andrea Levy in these elections we play a different model...a project for the future for the Spaniards. Si....the model of the PP...that the National Audience calls criminal organization.?
FAVOR	While they're preparing for the election campaign, I'm sure they're doing something illegal.
AGAINST	Savage How normal?!? How many people of peace?!? How much coexistence and democracy??
NONE	RT CuriositiesEU: Only two people really celebrating Messi's goal.
AGAINST	RT EvaMGC_: Javi_Barrena It's embarrassing. Populist politics Colau mode. What a pity what you have to endure Javi. Cheer up and fight...
AGAINST	El GuerreroDelA8 This guy thinking of shootings I think he does nothing but project his wishes on us, is not sierto, che? Puigdemont out babbling assholes around Europe with his cabin case with wheels is fun.
FAVOR	I was delighted and delighted that they did not let Esteban González Pons and his entourage into Venezuela. That's exactly what the PP and Tajani have done with Presidents Torra and Puigdemont in the European Parliament!!!!
AGAINST	Fascism threatens the death of a fellow Cs in a tent in Argentona. We have said this many times but we are not tired of repeating it; your remarks will never silence us. We will continue to defend democracy in every corner of Catalonia NoSCallarán
NONE	RT lilianigromaia: It was pathetic the clowning of the left herd. The funny thing is that it was a bunch of stuck cats... oh doh!! ht...
FAVOR	I already commented on it in a thread before Christmas. (I don't know how to look for it, but there it was all written) The PSOE didn't want to approve these budgets. His best alibi, the electoral refusal of the independenceists, who will also point out as responsible.
NONE	Brazil that will work not idolatrous bandit, who idolatrous bandit is the press, because they are one of the left arms. The press and the artist class, are leaving the PT and welcoming the PSOL.
FAVOR	Franco's experiment with 50 women in Malaga: in search of the "red gen" through diarysur franc franc franchism MemoriaHistoric women Spanish history
FAVOR	Irene Lozano, former UPyD now PSOE, head of Global Spain compares the 1Oct referendum with a rape.
NONE	Total support for President Guaidó tonight in Trump's speech and supported by the Democrats. It is a state policy backed by the two parties.
NONE	Have you ever had an experience of loving someone from a distance?
FAVOR	RT rosamariaartal: Democracy is also on trial in Spain, writes the Washington Post.
NONE	reprehensible statements by Luis D'Elía: The judges who lent themselves to imprisoning the comrades or mercy, will go to jail
FAVOR	(Puigdemont) ended by applauding the performances of the people who defended the ballot boxes and the schools (Thousand criticizing what Puigdemont said)...Now he's taken out of walls, masses of people.
FAVOR	Asking Andreu Van den Eynde eyndePenal to Colonel Diego Pérez de los Cobos, it's for a friend. Fairy Judici1O JudiciALDemocracy JudiciTV3CatRàdio
AGAINST	Rufi complains that he is not allowed access to the Supreme because he is from ERC, and to Vox yes (which is a private accusation). They are not accredited and they did not want to make it early. Demagogicism and Lazi victimism?? Really, you embarrass us. We want autonomy of our own now. Out of jokes TABARNIA!
AGAINST	They were used to being treated like Reyes in Lledoners which is now when they have realized that they are in prison and not on vacation LaSilenciosaCat lillousechi LaRepublicaNoExistIdiot L'wintern hostile de Soto del Real via ElTemps_cat
AGAINST	? Does Lroldansu speak about the situation in Catalonia in plenary session of the Senate? Does it really not seem serious to you that we have to ask the government not to grant pardons to the thugs who tried to break our democracy?"
AGAINST	Fairy's trap: the independence radicals made the cops slip their heads off via ABCespana
FAVOR	OpinionedBlo2 Spain is just a region of Europe, 7% of the population, that judgment is humiliating and a mockery of justice. Nothing happened and they intend to jail them for life, that will make independence grow as never before.
NONE	The Particular Vote of the Judgment: Puigdemont sent him to negotiate with Jerjes Rajoy and the most radical independence considers him after that an Efialtes The counterchronic of CarlesCols
FAVOR	URGENT DonorDeBlood any group for PamelaMartinezDaza at Hospital Clínico UdeChile redclinica, Av. Santos Dumont 999 Independence Santiago Favor RT
FAVOR	RT alexdrudis: RiveraManipula Falangito enters the final line, bye bye
FAVOR	Don't put a face of surprise says Marchena to Pina. Who knows I'm right Another defense to record that he is not allowed to ask about the 20-S. She is lawyer of Cuixart. Marchena has fallen, today has finished to remove the face. Torrent is gone.
AGAINST	A little bit on the bench should be sitting AdaColau, but not because she participated in the 1-O, but because she also fueled the coup against constitutional democracy. She will pay for it in May losing the mayor's office.
AGAINST	Now, separatism uses its ultimate weapon: zombie mobilization? Berga ElMónEnsLook at theRepublicNoIdiot INoI'm FachaI'm Spanish Undeep thinking PrideZombie
NONE	The president of the government affates that he has left that "they want a 155 perennial because they want to conquer the problem in Catalonia"
AGAINST	It is not the first and it will be the last. Constitutionalism no longer fits there. "The exporter Soraya Rodríguez leaves the PSOE for his relationship with separatism".
FAVOR	RT sedlr_: If a coup d'état gives it to the state itself, what would it be called? It's for a witness.
FAVOR	AlbanoDante76 Gallifantes What you are seeing now has been happening uninterruptedly for decades in Euskal Herria. The problem is that when they have been judged here by entire leaderships of political parties, youth organizations, the media... few were shocked.
FAVOR	Starting with themselves. Married or Abascal did not exercise title, but today they would please the trigger without any mercy. Ergo are equally guilty and equally disabled. Because it is ethical and moral, legitimate and legal, for any constitutionalist democracy
AGAINST	Ignaciadepano Those who do not live there but for work we go to Barcelona several times a month, then we present that one was binding, that it looked to end very badly. Then news like this confirmed our fears. I will NOT cry for the imprisoned politicians
AGAINST	Monologues, in politics, feed on self-reference, NicolasMaduro is an example. His sterility reminds me of the monologue-report of independence QuimTorraiPla SalvadosMaduro
AGAINST	They tell you that Guaidó, protected by the Venezuelan Constitution, is a coup, instead the lazis, who jumped the Spanish Constitution are not and tell you about political prisoners and the anti-democratic and oppressive state.
FAVOR	They constantly tell you how independence loses strength, but it turns out that election after election just makes you win votes.
NONE	Simple test of kindness: when you see someone's mistake, do you feel more pleasure in condemning it or helping it to correct the error? Before responding, observe your actions and be honest with you, yes?
NONE	The fight against crime punishes the exchavista urban areas of Caracas
AGAINST	Forn says he did not give orders to the Mossos about the referendum and defends that they complied with the Law: One thing is my political commitment to the referendum and another my powers as Home Secretary
FAVOR	"Vote to Casado, Rivera and some politicians on the left is to vote to Ana Patricia Botín" By Esteban P. Cano
FAVOR	We won the elections but we couldn't rule. But we can be inflexible with those who threaten to destroy what has been achieved. Not a step back. We have to mobilize.The 28A we play the shared dream of a country among equals AlwaysAndalucia
FAVOR	fayula_mc archyeleach rosodiezglez This is talking about bombs that don't kill the Catalan Unionists... people are mumáaaaaa...
NONE	Guaidó returned safely to Venezuela, where he was welcomed by thousands of people willing to face the regime to preserve the freedom of the interim president. With this, he demonstrates his strength and begins a new stage: that of the boycott of public functionalism against the regime.
FAVOR	In Spain they prefer to have independents in prison rather than approve the most social budgets of history. But fanatics are the others.
AGAINST	I am a carnego and I will always stand in front of those who insult my origins, insult my family and force me to become an independentist to tolerate and add critical mass.
NONE	Well, the video can be saved for a few months now, can't it?
NONE	All shyness within the room disappears, everything is allowed between the woman and the man I you and the cell.??
FAVOR	The independenceists wanted to put in pre-trial detention for years under false accusations against the unionist leaders... OHWAIT
AGAINST	I, like InesArramadas, am also tired of paying for a sectarian public service at the service of the Catalan coup-makers.
FAVOR	SamuelS87981499 emma_foxninu With 155 and A for them it became clear where is the workers' solidarity in Spain and who vote. If you want to return solidarity that are the 16,000ME that we give each year for nothing.
AGAINST	Ortega_Smith has defended in Brussels what millions of Spaniards think. Soon we will have MEPs who will defend in the European Parliament our identity and sovereignty in front of the separatists, progress, globalist bureaucrats and supremacists of communism.
AGAINST	xaviboadavila You'd like to get to the sole of the Andalusian shoe, which we're keeping all of you Spanish, and you're the community that we give the most money to your fucking republic that doesn't exist, so put you to work gandulas.
FAVOR	____oscar_ And as I was saying to you, the question is what justifies or pretends with independence and does not depend on the color of the government? What do you want to be and don't let you?
FAVOR	Cloudechka And to declare that they had no intention of applying the republic, no one listened to it, did they?
FAVOR	Slaanesh_Adria In addition in a democracy is only illegal the forbidden. And holding a referendum is not prohibited in Spain. But in the current neo-rancist version it seems that it is.
FAVOR	The Regime is fed on its own injustices and, finally, is not even respectful to its dead... Yes these people own Spain there is no future. Remembering it when votes will help 1Oct 28A Spanish Justice
NONE	RT DonCorneliano2: I hope you are evaluating an R2P
AGAINST	DolcaCatalunya Well, there's no need to rally... that AdaColau, InComu_Podem now we can and socialists_cat bothers you so much vox_es.... the 28A already know who to put in the cave of the government and its 40 thieves... AlibaVOX!!
AGAINST	? InesArranged The separatist parties were warned by the lawyers of the Parliament; by the Council of Guarantees Statutàries; by the Constitutional Court and by the opposition in full that what they were doing was not legal.
FAVOR	Cruella Arrimadas goes to Waterloo to do what she can best do. Attend the Spanish media and don't sit down and chat with her political opponents
NONE	When a leftist criticizes me for being a teacher of history and being right, I see it as a compliment, deep down they know that they are alienated and slaves of this communist doctrine. They do not accept that a woman has gone through this hell and has not been contaminated.
AGAINST	Onthewaytoindy KhommonNoise See how the children of politicians do not go to the "school in catalá " Do not worry that they are expressed correctly in Spanish and other languages
NONE	Very interesting these audios that obviously Bebianno leaked to the Veja, which in itself already demonstrates the level of loyalty of the subject, because other journalists had access to the material since the beginning of the conflict, according to their own accounts.
AGAINST	Inés Arrimadas confirms that it is presented to Congress as number one by Barcelona: "I will leave the skin for Albert Rivera to be the next president of the government". And we will do the same many of us! Thank youInés ElectionsGeneral
FAVOR	? The Association for the Recovery of Historical Memory of Cuenca presents a tourist route through various spaces of Tarancón related to the Civil War and post-Trancondigital War?? Historical Memory
AGAINST	Sileno2 MuseoCotonou Having the streets clean so as not to hurt sensibilities is not proper to a democracy or freedom of expression. Not to mention that the problems do not disappear as long as you forbid painting or hanging ties.
FAVOR	JudgesAPMCAT And the full support of Catalonia's majority citizenship. Seen and demonstrated, that independence has lived and lived from LIE and MANIPULATIONS.
AGAINST	?The duty of a lawyer is to defend his client. But I find it shameful that the way to do so is to attack the judiciary.?WARNING FOR TAX JAVIER ZARAGOZA!
AGAINST	But at 5:44 p.m. Junqueras DOESN'T CALL TO DISCOVER. No. Why? Did they use mobilization politically?
NONE	those who do/applause this are the same people who ask to respect the religion of others, but when it is something related to Christianity there is no respect.
FAVOR	Canabico gabrielrufian Don't avoid responsibilities or blame others for your failures, which beautiful now rufian is guilty of all the Spanish evils, you go to charge the field and stop touching the balls, collaborate with a party that maintains the law gabrielrufian and political prisoners is disgusting.
FAVOR	RTperiodics: PSOE, PP and C's join forces to prevent the entry of Puigdemont into the Eurocamera process
AGAINST	RT curiousooi: The PSOE rejoins the separatists in Congress to decriminalize illegal referendums.
FAVOR	I don't know if I will be able to endure another persecution in the zidoJI style??? only these people are able to make such ridiculous!! EU_Commission KRLS the meatss ACatFemSal PP vol that Marlaska found the formula to stop Puigdemont if it goes to l'Eurocambra
NONE	RT InfosFuteboI: Back to playing football // 15 minutes later
FAVOR	Gabrielrufian Here goes, you don't need to take another photo: Cheap demagogue. If you understood any democracy and rule of law you could talk, ignorant
FAVOR	Catalonia is as much yours as mine, says felipe_sicily in ObjectiveThe Sixth. And no, the future of Catalonia we have to decide Catalans.
NONE	Xovens to the left Spanish is calling the right-wing demonstrators Bolsonaros! Yes we are the myths of the world! Everyone wants to be like us! So much struggle, we know the merit! Let's go, we're changing Brazil, and we're changing the puddle of the whole world.
AGAINST	Ignaciadepano I don't usually agree with your comments, ideologically I think that we are somewhat distant, but I share with you absolutely the fear and feeling of inner breakdown with which we live those days the non-independentists. I felt it in a way very similar to yours.
FAVOR	resd9 the trileria began much earlier with the tale of the NATIONALITIES that managed to glue it in the EC... there is patience of my independence ARE DECIDED
FAVOR	We want a mediator and we are given a rapporteur, that is to say, the one in a congress or assembly relates to matters dealt with, as well as related deliberations and agreements (RAE) For me, they can already fuck there where the suppositories of ibuprofen NoATot are introduced.
FAVOR	COMMUNICATION 2 February 2019 GovernmentWho governs pensionazo_no INSISTIR, PERSISTIR, RESISTIR, MAI desistir continues the struggle for decent pensions: We will not abandon the street while we do not offer solutions SanValb _Contrainfo
NONE	For motor lovers... Year 1993, the poor beat the rich star in his own home and career. Practically unbeatable in his time. 155 GTA DTM
FAVOR	The PSOE registers in a village of Guadalajara numerous people of Bulgarian and Romanian origin without knowing of their presence. Prevarication in sight. Is everything good to fatten the electoral census? LaEspañaWhat you want MerryWednesday
AGAINST	From the moment I get up until I go to bed....... HERE WE ARE, bravery, we are not silenced, without FEAR TO NOTHING!! Follow meYTeSigoVOX.. Press Street Santiago Abascal (VOX), on Murcia via YouTube
AGAINST	The radicals attack the headquarters of the party that won the elections in Catalonia. It is an insult to all Catalans that the government supports another day of violence by the CDR.
FAVOR	JaumeAlonsoCuev Morality, legality, legitimacy, democracy, humanity. Spain is the only country in the world that the financial system has not returned its rescue to citizens. Benefits to shareholders since the first day. Not the USA that were reporting for three years, without sharing.
AGAINST	InesArrimadas I love the comments of the indepes every time InesArrimadas ridicules his supremacist president. Dear indeps, it is not difficult to draw the colors of a guy who thinks he is of a superior race. It does you nothing good to follow a complexed like this.
NONE	RT UGT_Communication: On March 8th the streets UGTWeminist 8M 8MYoParo must be blown up
FAVOR	The City Council of Barcelona adheres at the request of independence to a campaign that qualifies the judgment of the 'proceeding' as farce
NONE	Borrell reasonably sees Tajani's veto at the Puigdemont conference on the trial of the 'proceeding'
NONE	Potker and Patrick are always headlines, unquestionable, in Inter is an offense to the faithful colored cheerleader who does not leave the club at any time. But he will say this to stubborn Odair...But there is the other side: the cheerleader is smart and points the mistakes..
FAVOR	It's nowMurcia CecilioCean we can murcia oscarbonu AliciaNow murcia_we can J_Sanchez_Serna PColombineRM FeministsRM murcia actualida That the politicians of the social movements, whoever they are, will not take over, but we are lost, forward!!!
AGAINST	ItsaTrap68 TelletxeaPia Pous Cobos strike? I have no record of that You should continue with more Spanish politicians (including Catalan procedural politicians, obviously)
AGAINST	PtfLaSilentosa Thank you. Well, at least yesterday and today they have been very interesting. There we will continue!...as long as they don't become very toasty ☆ LaSilentosaCat 28AVotaCambio NosCallarán
AGAINST	InesArranged Independentist politicians want impunity, but that is incompatible with democracy. Separatism has been wrong of place and date, it has in front of more than half Catalonia and a European democracy of the 21st century Nevermore
AGAINST	Do you notice as well as I do now that people are being told openly that they are going to vote for vox_es? Follow meYTeSigoVOX EquiparacionAlready
AGAINST	Courage and courage! Soon you will be surrounded and clothed by many more Vox companions!
NONE	I'm black, Catalan, actor, atheist, recycler, I live as a couple without getting married, I don't like football, and I haven't gone to Turkey to get my hair done.
FAVOR	JudiciFarsa JudiciTV3CatRàdio The President of the Court losing patience, we knew it wasn't going to last long, it's okay to see what it really is and can't hide.
FAVOR	Millo saying that Forn told him that October 1st would guarantee that the day would be celebrated normally. And he says it as the great incriminating evidence towards Forn. I guess Millo wanted the loot.
AGAINST	david any MariadelMarMen9 tweetem bsrbcn but I'm a great guy and I'm in reality, I know how to discern reality, so I think I'm different and I live in a republic that doesn't exist and besides that we'll be better with politicians who believe themselves above the law. I believe everything, I just have to put TV3 and read vilaweb
FAVOR	URGENT De los Cobos: Trapero didn't want me as coordinator of Operation Cobos Fairy DiegoPérez JoAccuso 我Our hero will plant face against Spanishism during the 1-O
FAVOR	They beat us, humiliate us, demonize us, imprison our politicians, insult us by all means of intoxication (every fucking day) and when we plant ourselves and send them to shit you jump with the "fuck, like you guys put on." Insolidaries say, Toca't els ous
FAVOR	RT Arezno: Albert Boadella, Álvaro Ojeda, Inés Arrimadas... to Waterloo is going the flower and cream.
FAVOR	Really with a lot of emotion and solidarity for ALL PENSIONISTS of today and of the future. For worthy Pensions GobiernoQuienGobierno and for the maintenance of the Public Pension System azo_no
FAVOR	ULTIMATORA: The CDRs from now on will be called: The CDFs Committee for Fairy's Defense.JudiciFarsa LaTrampaDelFairy Femxarxa
NONE	RT eikatthy: Worse edition of all, eh this
FAVOR	RT LidelR: From tomorrow, special edition Fairy butler collection
AGAINST	The PSOE is surprised why we do not want to deal with them today after the generals. The image says it all, they prefer to photograph themselves with ages. We will not agree with someone who currently humiliates constitutionalism as in the case of the image YoVotoCitizens
FAVOR	luismsaez sergisala_ gallifantes Money only remains at best in Norway or Dubai and few more sites, so you have to choose what suits you best according to your own geostrategic and economic interests. I imagine the City of London is pushing for not voting the agreement and yes a second referendum.
AGAINST	Really, what a pity the racist independenceists give me who then travel to Spain. I have had to put my helmets on the board of the Galicia-Barcelona flight because of some pallets complaining that the planes carry the Spanish flag.
FAVOR	1984MarBaez Slaanesh_Adria MioCid_DeLezo That's why you are both able to quote the article of the constitution where referendums are prohibited.
FAVOR	RT pedipol: He said something The World of some Kangoo with a tape of asyn was washing, asyn, asyn' of the band Fairy Gabii, Fofet and Mili...
